Scope of Cover
This insurance will pay to the Insured (or in case of death, to the nominee) the amount shown against the table of
benefits, if the Insured shall sustain any bodily Injury resulting solely and directly from accident caused by outward
violent and visible means and such bodily Injury within the twelve calendar months of its occurrence be the sole and
direct cause of:
Exclusions
No indemnity is available hereunder and no payment will be made by the Company for any claim directly or indirectly
caused by, based on, arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that You meet with:
a) Through suicide, attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or illness.
b) While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
c) Arising or resulting from the insured person(s) committing any breach of law with criminal intent.
d) Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into, dismounting from or travelling in any balloon
or aircraft other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed standard type of aircraft
anywhere in the world.
e) Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
f) As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you carry out or have carried out on your body.
g) Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air force operations whether in the form of military
exercises or war games or actual engagement with the enemy, whether foreign or domestic.
2. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged legal liability.
3. Any existing disability.
4. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency
Syndrome) and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused.
5. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications arising out of any of these.
6. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or nationalisation
or requisition of or damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
7. Nuclear energy, radiation.
Who can be covered under this Policy?
Any Indian Resident irrespective of sex in the age group of 10 years to 70 years can be covered under Bajaj Allianz Janata
Personal Accident Policy.
What will be the renewal age?
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy except on the grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation or moral hazard.
Sum Insured
The policy may be issued for minimum sum insured of Rs. 25,000/- per person per annum and the maximum sum
insured is to be limited to Rs.1,00,000/- per person per annum.
Premium
The annual rate of premium is Rs.15/- for a sum insured of Rs. 25,000/-. The sum insured shall be increased in multiples
of Rs.25,000/- and premium is charged accordingly. Service Tax on premium amount will not be applicable for this
product.
Policy Period
Individual Janata Personal Accident Policy can be issued with Policy Period of 1 Year , 2 Years and 3 Years.
Table of Benets Sum Insured Payable
i) Death 100% of Sum Insured
ii) Permanent Total Disablement due to accident. 100% of Sum Insured
iii) Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye or loss of use of one hand or foot. 50% of Sum Insured
CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329 / UIN:IRDA/NL-HLT/BAGI/P-P/V.I/16/14-15 02
Long Tem Discount
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
• Free Look Period
If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and conditions, You have the option of canceling the policy
within 30 days of receipt of the first year policy documents, provided there has been no claim.
Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
• Renewal
Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the grounds of Your moral hazard,
misrepresentation or fraud.
In case of Our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous
coverage. Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break period will not be admissible under
the policy.
• Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
· Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has
been made during the policy year.
· Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the
insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then
expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days' written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
• When can I enhance my sum insured?
Sum Insured enhancement can be done at renewals.
• Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, If you are insured under any other Janta Personal Accident policy of
Non life insurer you can transfer to Janata Personal Accident policy with all your accrued benefits after due
allowances for waiting periods and enjoy all the available benefits of Janata Personal Accident.
Term of the Policy (Years) Discount (%)
1 Nil
2 5
3 10


CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329 / UIN:IRDA/NL-HLT/BAGI/P-P/V.I/16/14-15 04
• Revision/ Modification of the policy:
There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions, coverages and/or premiums of this product at
any time in future, with appropriate approval from IRDA. In such an event of revision/ modification of the product,
intimation shall be set out to all the existing insured members at least 3 months prior to the date of such
revi sion/modification comes into the effect
• Withdrawal of Policy
There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future with appropriate approval from IRDA, as We
reserve Our right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an event of
withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among Our available
similar and closely similar Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be charged the
Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, as approved by IRDA.
• How do I submit my claim?
If you meet with an accident and that may result in a claim, you or someone claiming on your behalf must inform us
in writing immediately and in any event within 30 days.
In case of death due to accident, the same must be informed to us in writing immediately and send us a copy of
the post mortem report ( If conducted) within 30 days.
List of Claim documents:
a) Death
• Duly Completed Personal Accident Claim Form signed by Nominee.
• Copy of address proof (Ration card or electricity bill copy).
• Photo identity proof
• Attested copy of Death Certificate.
• Burial Certificate (wherever applicable).
• Attested copy of Statement of Witness, if any lodged with police authorities.
• Attested copy of FIR / Panchanama / Inquest Panchanama.
• Attested copy of Post Mortem Report (only if conducted).
• Attested copy of Viscera report if any (Only if Post Mortem is conducted).
• Claim form with NEFT details & cancelled cheque duly signed by Insured
• Original Policy copy
b) Permanent Total/ Partial Disablement
• Duly Completed Personal Accident Claim Form signed by insured.
• Attested copy of disability certificate from concerned government medical authority
• Attested copy of FIR
• Photograph of the claimant before and after injury supporting to disablement.
• All X-Ray / Medical Reports/ Investigation reports and films supporting to disablement.
• Claim form with NEFT details & cancelled cheque duly signed by Insured Original Policy copy.
• Claims Process
*Toll Free No. 1-800-225858 (for for BSNL/MTNL lines only) or 1-800-1025858 (for Bharti users - mobile / landline)
or 020-30305858