Bajaj Allianz understands the significant financial burden that a Critical Illness can bring, especially when it is the
Breadwinner of the family who gets diagnosed. To support you through this, We introduce Criti Care covering a
range of life threatening diseases that one might encounter in his/her life.
SPECIAL FEATURES OF CRITI CARE
• Wide range of Critical Illnesses covered- total 43 illnesses
• Option to choose from wide range of Sum Assured
• Lump sum payout irrespective of treatment cost
• Lifetime renewal
WHAT ARE THE CRITICAL ILLNESSES COVERED UNDER CRITI CARE
There are 5 Plans (Sections) out of which at least one has to be opted
SECTION I: CANCER CARE
Category A Conditions (25% Sum Assured) Category B Conditions (100% Sum Assured)
Early Stage Cancers Cancer of Specified Severity
CarCategory A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Blindness in one eye Blindness in both the eyes
Deafness in one ear Deafness in both ears
Loss of Speech
Lung Transplant due to End stage lung failure*
Liver Transplant due to End Stage liver failure**
Pancreas Transplant
Bone Marrow Transplant
*The benefit will also be payable on End stage lung failure
** The benefit will also be payable on End stage liver failure
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Blindness in one eye
I. Total, permanent and irreversible loss of total vision in one eye as a result of illness or accident.
II. The Blindness is evidenced by:
a. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in one eye or ;
b. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in one eye.
III. The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure.
2. Category A- Deafness in one ear
Total and irreversible loss of hearing in one ear as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be supported
by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means “the loss of
hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels across all frequencies of hearing” in one ear.
3. Category B- Blindness in both the eyes
Total, permanent and irreversible loss of total vision in both eyes as a result of illness or accident.
The Blindness is evidenced by:
I. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or ;
II. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.
The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure.
4. Category B- Deafness in both ears
Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be
supported by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means
“the loss of hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels across all frequencies of hearing” in
both ears.
5. Category B- Loss of Speech
I. Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of injury or disease to the vocal cords. The inability to
speak must be established for a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis must be supported by medical
evidence furnished by an Ear, Nose, Throat (ENT) specialist.
6. Category B- Lung Transplant due to End stage lung failure
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human lung that resulted from irreversible end stage lung disease. The
undergoing of a lung transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
I. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
II. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
III. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressure of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55mmHg); and
IV. Dyspnea at rest.
7. Category B- Liver Transplant due to End Stage liver failure
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human liver that resulted from irreversible end stage liver failure. The
undergoing of a liver transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
End stage liver failure is evidenced by permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all
three of the following:
I. Permanent jaundice; and
II. Ascites; and
III. Hepatic encephalopathy
The following are excluded:
Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.
8. Category B- Pancreas Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of pancreas, that resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of the
pancreas. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
The following are excluded:
I. Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted
9. Category B- Bone Marrow Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of:
I. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a
specialist medical practitioner.
The following are excluded:
I. Other stem-cell transplants.
 SPECIFIC CONDITIONS AND ILLUSTRATIONS APPLICABLE FOR ALL SECTIONS:
1. Insured can opt for one or more Critical Illness Sections. The benefits payable will be independent for each
section if more than one sections are chosen.
e.g If Mr. X opt for first 3 Sections (Critical Illness groups) i.e Cancer Care, Cardiovascular Care and Kidney
Care, he/she can claim in any or all sections independently as per these Policy Wordings/Standard Terms and
Conditions.
If Mr. X diagnosed with Carcinoma -in-situ in 8th month of Policy followed by unfortunate Major Head Trauma in
11th month, he can independently claim fori 25% of Cancer Care Sum Assured ( 25% of Sum Assured because of Category A condition)
ii 100% of Neuro Care Sum Assured (100% of Sum Assured because of Category B condition).
2. Two claims (one from Category A conditions and another from Category B conditions) are allowed for each
Critical Illness section.
e.g In above example if Mr. X is further diagnosed as lymphoma supported by histological evidence of
malignancy in 12th Month, he can further claim for rest of his balance Sum Assured under Section 1. Here
eligibility of the Insured will be 75% of Cancer Care Sum Assured Because-
• Diagnosed condition is from Category B i.e 100% Sum Assured to be payable but-
• 25% of Sum Assured is already paid in Category A condition
• Hence total claim liability will be 100% of SA – 25% of SA = 75% of SA
3. Insured cannot claim for two conditions from Category A only for one Section.
4. If we have paid 100% of the sum assured under any of the sections opted, then the coverage for the respective
section shall cease for the Insured Member, however Policy shall continue for rest of Sections (if opted). However
the premium for subsequent renewal/s would be calculated excluding the section for which claim has been
paid.
5. After a claim from any critical illness section has been paid under Criti-Care Policy, the said Insured will not be
able to opt for any new critical illness section.
 ADDITIONAL BENEFITS
1. Cancer Reconstructive Surgery:
If claim under Category B of Section I: Cancer Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make
an additional payment of 10% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 200,000 as specified in
the Policy Schedule under Section I: Cancer Care, a lump sum benefit amount towards Cancer Reconstructive
Surgery (such as breast, head or neck) for the Insured.
2. Cardiac Nursing:
If claim under Category B of Section II: Cardiovascular Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will
make an additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 50,000 as specified in
the Policy Schedule under Section II: Cardiovascular Care, a lump sum benefit amount towards Cardiac Nursing
for the Insured.
3. Dialysis Care:
If claim under Category B of Section III: Kidney Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make an
additional payment of 10% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 200,000 as specified in the
Policy Schedule under Section III: Kidney Care, a lump sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing dialysis.
4. Physiotherapy Care:
If claim under Category B of Section IV : Neuro Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make an
additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 50,000 as specified in the Policy
Schedule under Section IV: Neuro Care, a lump sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing physiotherapy.
5. Sensory Care:
If claim under Category B of Section V: Transplants Care And Sensory Organs Care of the Insured is accepted by
the Us, then We will pay the following additional benefit over and above the base Sum Assured:
The Company will make an additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR
50,000 as specified in the Policy Schedule under Section V: Transplants Care And Sensory Organs Care, a lump
sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing speech therapy, hearing loss treatments such as Cochlear
implants.
 Wellness Discount
1. Wellness Discount
Insured member is eligible for 5% discount at each renewal provided he / she maintains a healthy & fit lifestyle
by engaging in physical fitness activity* consistently along with submission of the below mentioned medical test
reports & if all the reports are falling within normal range as specified below.
Sr.No. Test Name Test Result
1 ECG Normal Sinus Rhythm
2 Fasting Blood Sugar Less than or equal to 100 mg/dl
3 Sr. Creatinine 0.90 - 1.2 mg /dl
4
Lipid Profile
Cholesterol Up to 200 mg/dl
Triglycerides Up to 150 mg/dl
5 BMI Up to 27
Note:
The wellness discount can be availed annually provided he submits the test reports conducted in wellestablished laboratory set up.
Reports conducted 3 months prior to renewal due date would be considered for this benefit.
*Physical fitness activity will be defined as minimum 15,000 steps every week or 60,000 steps every month for
minimum mandatory period of 6 months from the risk inception date to be eligible for the Wellness discount.
In case of a long term policy (2 or 3 years), the minimum mandatory period of 6 months must be completed in
each policy year.


Company’s Mobile application must be downloaded within 30 days from policy risk inception date to avail this
benefit. Average step count completed by an insured member would be tracked on this mobile application. We
reserve the right to remove or reduce count of steps if found to be achieved in unfair manner by manipulation
Policy Period: 1 Year
Month 1st
Month
2nd
Month
3rd
Month
4th
Month
5th
Month
6th
Month
7th
Month
8th
Month
9th
Month
10th
Month
11th
Month
12th
Month
No. of
Steps 65,000 60,000 55,000 70,000 50,000 65,000 60,000 70,000 65,000 45,000 55,000 50,000
In this illustration the insured is completing minimum 60,000 steps/ month for 7 out of 12 months in a year.
Therefore he/she will be eligible for wellness discount.
2. Long Term Policy Discount
i. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
ii. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
(Note: This is not applicable on instalment premium option).
3. Employee Discount
20% discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz & its group companies, this discount is
applicable only if the Policy is booked in direct office code.
Note: Online/Direct Customer Discount is not applicable to Employees)
4. Online Discount
5% discount is extended for the policies purchased online/ through website/direct customers. This benefit is
extended to direct customers in lieu of the commission
Note: Online/Direct Customer Discount is not applicable to Employees)
 What are the Sum Assured options available under the policy?
Section Minimum SA for entry age
18-65 yrs
Maximum SA up to entry
age 60
Maximum SA for entry age
61-65
Cancer Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Cardiovascular Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Kidney Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Neuro Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Transplants Care and
Sensory Organs Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
If more than one Sections are chosen, the total SA will be restricted to INR 2 Crores
For Entry age 61-65 years, the maximum SA for new business and renewals will be 10 Lacs under each section
For age 66-80 years, each section can be renewed only for maximum 5 Lacs.
For age above 80 years, each section can be renewed only for maximum SA of 2 Lacs.
 Who can be covered under Criti Care?
Self, Spouse, Dependent Children and Grand Children, Parents and Parent-in-laws, Sister, Brother, Aunt, Uncle
 What is the entry age?
• Minimum entry age for Adult- 18 years
• Minimum entry age for Child- 3 months
• Maximum entry age for Adult - 65 years
• Maximum entry age for Child - 30 years
 What is the renewal age?
• Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy, except on the grounds of
Your moral hazard, misrepresentation, non- cooperation or fraud(Subject to policy is renewed annually with us
within the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry).
 Eligibility
• Indian nationals.
• This policy can be opted by Non-Resident Indians also, provided premium is paid in Indian currency
 What is the Policy Period?
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years.
 What is Installment Premium terms?
If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Annual (for long term
polices only), Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy Schedule/Certificate of Insurance, the
following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)
The grace period of fifteen days (where premium is paid on a monthly instalments) and thirty days (where
premium is paid in quarterly/half-yearly/annual instalments) is available on the premium due date, to pay the
premium.
If the policy is renewed during grace period, all the credits (sum insured, No Claim Bonus, Specific Waiting
periods, waiting periods for pre-existing diseases, Moratorium period etc.) accrued under the policy shall be
protected.
If the premium is paid in instalments during the policy period, coverage will be available for the grace period
also.
The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the “Waiting Periods”, “Specific Waiting
Periods” in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
No interest will be charged If the instalment premium is not paid on due date.
In case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled.
In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable.


The company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due under
the policy.
 Is this a floater policy / individual policy?
• Policy provides Individual basis Sum Assured.
 What are the Pre-Policy Medical Examination criteria?
• Non-Medical limitsAge Non-Medical Limits for Cardiovascular Care, Kidney Care, Neuro Care, Transplant Care and Sensory
Organ Care
18 - 45 yrs 25 Lacs
46 - 50 yrs 20 Lacs
51 - 55 yrs 10 Lacs
56 - 65 yrs Mandatory Pre policy medical check up
• Medical tests are mandatory for members’ age above mentioned Age.
• In Case the Insured opts for Cancer Care section, no pre policy medical tests will be applicable subject to no
adverse health condition.
• The pre-policy check up would be arranged at our empanelled diagnostic centers.
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of medical examination.
• If pre-policy check up would be conducted in our paneled diagnostic centre, 100% of the standard medical tests
charges would be reimbursed, subject to acceptance of proposal and policy issuance.
Medical Examinations
FMR ECG
Fasting Blood Sugar HbA1c
Lipid Profile Serum Creatinine
SGOT SGPT
GGT Urine-Routine
CBC X-Ray- Chest
Stress Test USG Abdomen
PAP Smear for females PSA for males
*Subject to no adverse health conditions mentioned above
 What are the exclusions under the policy?
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of
or attributable to any of the following:
I. Waiting Period
1. Any Critical Illness or its signs and symptoms diagnosed within the first 180/120 days as mentioned in the policy
schedule of the date of commencement of the First Policy with us is excluded. This exclusion shall not apply to
an Insured for whom coverage has been renewed by the Named Insured, without a break, for subsequent years.


2. Insured should survive for 0/ 7/15 days as mentioned in the policy schedule from the diagnosis and fulfilment of
the critical illness definition before the claim benefit will be paid.
II. General Exclusions
1. Any sexually transmitted diseases
2. Treatment arising from or traceable to birth defects and congenital anomalies.
3. War, whether war be declared or not, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, rebellion,
revolution, mutiny, military or usurped power, riot, strike, lockout, military or popular uprising, civil commotion,
martial law or loot, sack or pillage in connection therewith, confiscation or destruction by any government or
public authority or any act or condition incidental to any of the above.
4. Any natural peril (including but not limited to storm, tempest, avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions,
hurricane, or any other kind of natural hazard).
5. Radioactive contamination
6. Self-inflicted injuries, suicide attempt, insanity, and deliberate participation of the Insured in an illegal or criminal
act with criminal intent.
7. Use or misuse of intoxicating drugs and/or alcohol, except under the direction of Medical Practitioner
 Renewal
1. Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the Policy except on the grounds
of fraud, misrepresentation or moral hazard or non-co-operation by the Insured or if any false statement, or
declaration is made or used or Upon the occurrence of an event of Critical Illness.
2. In case of our own renewal, a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as
continuous. However, any accident/ injury contracted during the break period will be not be admissible under
the Policy.
3. Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent continuation of cover are subject to change with prior
approval from IRDAI.
4. If we have paid 100% of the sum assured under any of the sections opted then the coverage for the respective
section shall cease for the insured member, however Policy shall continue for rest of Sections (if opted).
5. The section against which 100% of sum assured has been paid shall not be renewed for the insured member.
6. After a claim from any opted section, the policyholder cannot buy new sections.
 Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy
year, provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the
insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then
expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund
of premium for cancellations on these grounds.
Note:
The first slab of Number of days “within 15 days” in above table is applicable only in case of new business.
 Free Look Period
You have a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the first Policy document to review the terms and
conditions of this Policy. If You have any objections to any of the terms and conditions, You have the option of
cancelling the Policy stating the reasons for cancellation. If you have not made any claim during the Free look
period, you shall be entitled to refund of premium subject to,
i a deduction of the expenses incurred by Us on Your medical examination, stamp duty charges, if the risk has not
commenced,
ii a deduction of the stamp duty charges, medical examination charges & proportionate risk premium for period
on cover, If the risk has commenced
iii a deduction of such proportionate risk premium commensurating with the risk covered during such period
,where only a part of risk has commenced
iv Free Look Period will not be applicable for renewal Policies.
 Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDAI, applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers who were
holding similar retail Criti-Care policies of other non-life insurers or health insurers.
 Revision/ Modification of the policy:
There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions, coverages and/or premiums of this product
at any time in future, with appropriate approval from IRDAI. In such an event of revision/modification of the
product, intimation shall be set out to all the existing insured members at least 3 months prior to the date of
such revision/modification comes into the effect.
 Withdrawal of Policy
1. There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future with appropriate approval from IRDAI,
as We reserve Our right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an
event of withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among
Our available similar and closely similar Personal accident Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new
product, You will be charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, as
approved by IRDAI.
2. Provided however, if You do not respond to Our intimation regarding the withdrawal of the product under
which this Policy is issued, then this Policy shall be withdrawn and shall not be available to You for renewal
on the renewal date and accordingly upon Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You shall have to take a Policy
under available new products of Us subject to Your paying the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such
available new product chosen by You and also subject to Portability condition.
 Migration of Policy:
1. The Insured can opt for migration of Policy to our other similar or closely similar products at the time of renewal.
2. The premium will be charged as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, and all the
guidelines, terms and condition of the chosen product shall be applicable.
3. Suitable credit of continuity/waiting periods for all the previous Policy years would be extended in the new
Policy, provided the Policy has been maintained without a break
 Claim Settlement Process
In the event of a claim arising out of an Insured Event covered under this Section, the Insured Event as described
above shall be intimated to the Company within thirty (30) days date of first diagnosis of the Illness, date of
surgical procedure or date of occurrence of the medial event as the case may be and the Insured shall, promptly
and in any event within thirty (30) days of discharge from the Hospital, arrange for submission of the following
documents to the Company:
1. Certificate from the attending Medical Practitioner of the Insured confirming, inter alia,
a. Name of the Insured;
b. Name, date of occurrence and medical details of the Insured Event;
c. Confirmation that the Insured Event does not relate to any Pre-Existing Condition; and
d. Confirmation that the Insured Event does not relate to any Illness or Injury which existed within the first 90 days
of commencement of the Policy Period.
2. Duly completed claim forms;
3. Original Discharge Certificate/Card from the Hospital/Medical Practitioner;
4. Original investigation test reports, indoor case papers;
Note: In case the Insured is claiming for the same event under an indemnity based Policy of another insurer
and is required to submit the original documents related to his treatment with that particular insurer, then the
Insured may provide the Company with the attested Xerox copies of such documents along with a declaration
from the particular insurer specifying the availability of the original copies of the specified treatment documents
with it.
In cases of suspected fraud / misrepresentation, we may call for any additional document(s) in addition to the
documents listed above.
 All documents related to claims should be submitted to:
Health Administration Team
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd
2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building
Viman Nagar, Pune 411014
Toll Free no: 1800 209 5858
Note: If the original documents are submitted with the other insurer, the Xerox copies attested by the other
insurer should be submitted
 Payment of Claims
1. You agree that We need only make payment when You or someone claiming on Your behalf has provided Us
with necessary documentation and information. We will make payment to You or Your Nominee. If there is
no Nominee and You are incapacitated or deceased, We will pay Your heir, executor or validly appointed legal
representative and any payment We make in this way will be a complete and final discharge of Our liability to
make payment.
2. On receipt of all the documents and on being satisfied with regard to the admissibility of the claim as per Policy
Wordings/Terms and Conditions, We shall offer within a period of 30 days a settlement of the claim to you. Upon
acceptance of an offer of settlement by you, the payment of the amount due shall be made within 7 days from
the date of acceptance of the offer by you. In the cases of delay in the payment, We shall be liable to pay interest
at a rate which is 2% above the bank rate prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which the claim is
reviewed by it.
3. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation, the Company will initiate and complete
such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
document. In such cases, the Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the company will be liable to pay interest at a
rate which is 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment
of claim.
4. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation, the Company will initiate and complete
such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
document. In such cases, the Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company will be liable to pay interest at a
rate which is 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment
of claim.
5. If We, for any reasons decide to reject the claim under the Policy, the reasons regarding the rejection shall be
communicated to you in writing within 30 days of the receipt of complete set of documents. You may take
recourse to the Grievance Redressal procedure.
 Process to buy this policy?
1. Discuss the policy benefits, coverage and premium details with your insurance advisor or visit our website
(www.bajajallianz.com) for details.
2. Actively seek information on the charges and exclusions under the policy.
3. Fill the proposal form stating your personal details and health profile.
4. Ensure that the information given in the form is complete and accurate.
5. The Policy Schedule, Policy Wordings, Cashless Cards and Health Guide will be sent to your mailing address
mentioned on the proposal form.
 Contact:
Health Administration Team,
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.
2nd floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, Behind Weikfield IT Park, Off Nagar Road,Viman Nagar-Pune - 411 014.
*Toll Free No. 1-800-225858 (for for BSNL/MTNL lines only) or 1-800-1025858 (for Bharti users - mobile /
landline) or 020-30305858
Please visit our website for list of network hospitals and network Diagnostic Centers , Website: www.
bajajallianz.com or get in touch with 24*7 helpline number: 1800-103-2529 (toll free) / 020-30305858
Grievance Redressal Cell for Senior Citizens
Senior Citizen Cell for Insured Person who are Senior Citizens
‘Good things come with time’ and so for our customers who are above 60 years of age we have created special
cell to address any health insurance related query. Our senior citizen customers can reach us through the below
dedicated channels to enable us to service them promptly
Health toll free number: 1800-103-2529
Exclusive Email address: seniorcitizen@bajajallianz.co.in
Disclaimer: The above information is only indicative in nature and for more details on the coverage, terms
and exclusions, please get in touch with nearest office of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltdoma -in-situ
SECTION II: CARDIOVASCULAR CARE
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Angioplasty Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack – of Specific Severity)
Insertion of Pacemaker / Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Open Chest CABG
Minimally Invasive surgery of Aorta Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart Valves
Balloon Valvotomy or Valvuloplasty Major Surgery of Aorta
Surgery for Cardiac Arrhythmia Heart Transplant
Carotid Artery Surgery Cardiomyopathy
Surgery to place Ventricular Assist Devices or total artificial
hearts
Infective Endocarditis
Pericardiectomy
Percutaneous Heart Valve Replacement / Repair
SECTION III: KIDNEY CARE
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Removal of one Kidney Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis
Partial Nephrectomy Systematic lupus Eryth. with Renal Involvement
Kidney Transplant
SECTION IV: NEURO CARE
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Cerebral Aneurysm treatment via Endovascular procedure Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms
Permanent Paralysis of one limb Coma of Specified Severity
Permanent Paralysis of limbs
Motor Neurone Disease with Permanent Symptoms
Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
Benign Brain Tumour
Brain Surgery
Major Head Trauma
SECTION V: TRANSPLANTS CARE AND SENSORY ORGANS CARE
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Blindness in one eye Blindness in both the eyes
Deafness in one ear Deafness in both ears
Loss of Speech
End stage lung failure / Lung Transplant
End Stage liver failure / Liver Transplant
Pancreas Transplant
Bone Marrow Transplant


COVERAGE IN DETAIL
1. It is mandatory to opt for at least one of the below listed sections and below terms and conditions of respective
section will be applicable for Covers which are opted by you and displayed on your Policy Schedule read with the
Policy Wordings:
SECTION I : CANCER CARE (Category A & B)
SECTION II : CARDIOVASCULAR CARE (Category A & B)
SECTION III : KIDNEY CARE (Category A & B)
SECTION IV : NEURO CARE (Category A & B)
SECTION V : TRANSPLANTS CARE AND SENSORY ORGANS CARE (Category AB)
If the Insured is diagnosed as suffering from a Critical Illness as per respective Section opted, which first occurs
or manifests itself during the Cover Period, then we will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule,
subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions, definitions and exclusions of the Policy and the insured survives
the defined survival period.
Note:
1. The Insured can choose one or more Critical Illness sections. The benefits payable will be independent for each
section if more than one Critical Illness sections are chosen.
2. Two claims (one from Category A conditions and another from Category B conditions) are allowed for each
section.
3. Insured cannot claim under only one of opted Section(s) for two conditions listed in Category A of the same
section
4. 25% Sum Assured is payable for Category A conditions and 100% Sum Assured is payable for Category B
conditions for each section.
5. If a claim has already been paid for Category A condition of a section, the amount payable for Category B
condition under the same section will be the remaining Sum Assured i.e. 75% Sum Assured (100% (Claim if
admissible under Category B) -25% (Paid against claim under Category A) for the respective section
SECTION I: CANCER CARE
We will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule if the Insured is diagnosed with any of the below
listed conditions, which first occurs or manifests itself during the Cover Period subject to all other terms,
conditions, definitions and exclusions and the insured survives the defined survival period.
Category A Conditions (25% Sum Assured) Category B Conditions (100% Sum Assured)
Early Stage Cancers Cancer of Specified Severity
Carcinoma -in-situ
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Early Stage Cancers
Early Stage Cancer shall mean the presence of one of the following malignant conditions:
i Prostate tumour histologically described as TNM Classification T1a or T1b or T1c or of another equivalent or
lesser classification.
ii Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia classified as RAI Stage I or II;
iii Basal cell and squamous skin cancer that has spread to distant organs beyond the skin,
iv Any malignant tumor of the thyroid, positively diagnosed with histological confirmation and characterised by
the uncontrolled growth of malignant cells and invasion of tissue, which is histologically classified as T1N0M0
according to the TNM classification system, or another equivalent classification. This benefit will be payable only
when total thyroidectomy is performed to treat this condition.
The Diagnosis must be based on histopathological features and confirmed by a Pathologist. Pre-malignant
lesions and conditions, unless listed above, are excluded.
2. Category A- Carcinoma -in-situ
Carcinoma-in-situ shall mean a histologically proven, localized pre-invasion lesion where cancer cells have not
yet penetrated the basement membrane or invaded (in the sense of infiltrating and / or actively destroying) the
surrounding tissues or stroma in any one of the following covered organ groups, and subject to any classification
stated:
a. Breast, where the tumour is classified as Tis according to the TNM Staging method;
b. Corpus uteri, vagina, vulva or fallopian tubes where the tumour is classified as Tis according to the TNM Staging
method ;
c. Cervix uteri, classified as Tis according to the TNM Staging method;
d. ovary –include borderline ovarian tumours with intact capsule, no tumour on the ovarian surface, classified as
T1aN0M0, T1bN0M0 (TMN Staging) or FIGO 1A, FIGO 1B
e. Colon and rectum;
f. Penis;
g. Testis;
h. Lung;
i. Liver;
j. Stomach and oesophagus;
k. Urinary tract, for the purpose of in-situ cancers of the bladder, stage Ta of papillary carcinoma is included
l. Nasopharynx
For purposes of this Policy, Carcinoma-in-situ must be confirmed by a biopsy.
Pre-malignant lesions and Carcinoma-in-situ of any organ unless listed above are excluded.
3. Category B- CANCER OF SPECIFIED SEVERITY
I. A malignant tumor characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of malignant cells with invasion and
destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy.
The term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.
II. The following are excluded –
i. All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ, benign, pre-malignant, borderline malignant,
low malignant potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or non-invasive, including but not limited to:
Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1, CIN - 2 and CIN-3.
ii. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond;
iii. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis;
iv. All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or having
progressed to at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0
v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below;
vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3
vii. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser classification,
viii. All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below and with
mitotic count of less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs;
SECTION II: CARDIOVASCULAR CARE
We will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule if the Insured is diagnosed with any of the below
listed conditions, which first occurs or manifests itself during the Cover Period subject to all other terms,
conditions, definitions and exclusions and the insured survives the defined survival period.
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Angioplasty Myocardial Infarction ( First Heart Attack – of Specific Severity)
Insertion of Pacemaker / Implantable Cardioverter
Defibrillator Open Chest CABG
Minimally Invasive surgery of Aorta Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart Valves
Balloon Valvotomy or Valvuloplasty Major Surgery of Aorta
Surgery for Cardiac Arrhythmia Heart Transplant
Carotid Artery Surgery Cardiomyopathy
Surgery to place Ventricular Assist Devices or total artificial
hearts
Infective Endocarditis
Pericardiectomy
Percutaneous Heart Valve Replacement / Repair
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Angioplasty
I. Coronary Angioplasty is defined as percutaneous coronary intervention by way of balloon angioplasty with or
without stenting for treatment of the narrowing or blockage of minimum 50 % of one or more major coronary
arteries. The intervention must be determined to be medically necessary by a cardiologist and supported by a
coronary angiogram (CAG).
II. Coronary arteries herein refer to left main stem, left anterior descending, circumflex and right coronary artery.
III. Diagnostic angiography or investigation procedures without angioplasty/stent insertion are excluded.
2 Category A- Insertion of Pacemaker / Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator
Insertion of a permanent cardiac pacemaker / permanent cardiac defibrillator that is required as a result of
serious cardiac arrhythmia which cannot be treated via other means. The insertion of the cardiac pacemaker /
cardiac defibrillator must be certified to be medically necessary by a specialist in the relevant field.
Documentary evidence of cardiac arrhythmia must be provided.
3. Category A- Minimally Invasive surgery of Aorta
The actual undergoing of minimally invasive surgical repair (i.e. via percutaneous intra-arterial route) of a
diseased portion of an aorta to repair or correct an aneurysm, narrowing, obstruction or dissection of the aorta.
For the purpose of this definition, aorta shall mean the thoracic and abdominal aorta but not its branches.
4. Category A- Balloon Valvotomy or Valvuloplasty
The actual undergoing of Valvotomy or Valvuloplasty necessitated by damage of the heart valve as confirmed by
a specialist in the relevant field and established by a cardiac echocardiogram or any other appropriate diagnostic
test that is available. For purpose of this benefit, procedures done for treatment of Congenital Heart Disease are
excluded.
5. Category A- Surgery for Cardiac Arrhythmia
Procedures like Maze surgery, Radio frequency Ablation therapy or any relevant procedure/surgery deemed
absolutely necessary by a cardiologist to treat life threatening arrhythmias. Diagnosis must be evidenced by
monitoring through a Holter monitor, event monitor or loop recorder and should be confirmed by a consultant
cardiologist.
The following are excluded:
i Cardio version and any other form of non-surgical treatments
Claim arising due to Internal Congenital Anomalies
6. Category A- Carotid Artery Surgery
The actual undergoing of surgery to the Carotid Artery to treat carotid artery stenosis of fifty percent (50%) and
above, as proven by angiographic evidence, of one or more carotid arteries. Both criteria (a) and (b) below must
be met:
a. Either:
i. Actual undergoing of endarterectomy to alleviate the symptoms; or
ii. Actual undergoing of an endovascular intervention such as angioplasty and/or stenting or atherectomy to
alleviate the symptoms; and
b. The Diagnosis and medical necessity of the treatment must be confirmed by a Registered Medical Practitioner
who is a specialist in the relevant field.
7. Category A- Surgery to place Ventricular Assist Devices or Total Artificial Hearts
The actual undergoing of open heart surgery to place a Ventricular Assist Device or Total Artificial Heart
medically necessitated by severe ventricular dysfunction or severe heart failure, with cardiac echocardiographic
evidence of reduced left ventricular ejection fraction of less than 30%.
Ventricular dysfunction or Heart failure directly related to alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.
8. Category A- Infective Endocarditis
Inflammation of the inner lining of the heart caused by infectious organisms, where all of the following criteria
are met:
a. Positive result of the blood culture proving presence of the infectious organism(s);
b. Presence of at least moderate heart valve incompetence (meaning regurgitant fraction of 20% or above) or
moderate heart valve stenosis (resulting in heart valve area of 30% or less of normal value) attributable to
Infective Endocarditis; and
c. The Diagnosis of Infective Endocarditis and the severity of valvular impairment are confirmed by a Registered
Medical Practitioner who is a cardiologist.
9. Category A- Pericardiectomy
The undergoing of a pericardiectomy performed by open heart surgery or keyhole techniques as a result of
pericardial disease. The surgical procedures must be certified to be medically necessary by a consultant
cardiologist. Other procedures on the pericardium including pericardial biopsies, and pericardial drainage
procedures by needle aspiration are excluded.
10. Category A- Percutaneous Heart Valve Replacement / Repair
This benefit is payable where:
a. The existing heart valve is replaced by the deployment of a new replacement valve by percutaneous
intravascular techniques not involving a thoracotomy. Percutaneous or transcatheter based repair procedures
not involving replacement with a new valve are excluded.
b. The existing heart valve is repaired by implanting additional devices by percutaneous transcatheter techniques
and not involving a thoracotomy. Balloon valvotomy or valvuloplasty are excluded.
11. Category B- First Heart Attack of specific severity
I. The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which means the death of a portion of the heart
muscle as a result of inadequate blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for Myocardial Infarction
should be evidenced by all of the following criteria:
a. A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (For e.g.
typical chest pain)
b. New characteristic electrocardiogram changes
c. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other specific biochemical markers.
II. The following are excluded:
a. Other acute Coronary Syndromes
b. Any type of angina pectoris
c. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt ischemic heart disease OR following an intraarterial cardiac procedure.
12. Category B- Open Chest CABG
I. The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by
coronary artery bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally invasive
keyhole coronary artery bypass procedures. The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography and
the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist.
II. The following are excluded:
i. Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures.
13. Category B- Open Heart Replacement Or Repair Of Heart Valves
The actual undergoing of open-heart valve surgery is to replace or repair one or more heart valves, as a
consequence of defects in, abnormalities of, or disease-affected cardiac valve(s). The diagnosis of the valve
abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by
a specialist medical practitioner. Catheter based techniques including but not limited to, balloon valvotomy/
valvuloplasty are excluded.
14. Category B- Major Surgery Of Aorta
The actual undergoing of major surgery to repair or correct an aneurysm, narrowing, obstruction or dissection
of the aorta through surgical opening of the chest or abdomen. For the purpose of this definition, aorta
shall mean the thoracic and abdominal aorta but not its branches.
Surgery performed using only minimally invasive or intra-arterial techniques are excluded.
15. Category B- Heart Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human heart that resulted from irreversible end stage heart failure. The
undergoing of a heart transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
16. Category B- Cardiomyopathy
An impaired function of the heart muscle, unequivocally diagnosed as Cardiomyopathy by a Registered Medical
Practitioner who is a cardiologist, and which results in permanent physical impairment to the degree of New
York Heart Association classification Class IV, or its equivalent, for at least six (6) months based on the following
classification criteria:
a. Class IV - Inability to carry out any activity without discomfort. Symptoms of congestive cardiac failure are
present even at rest. With any increase in physical activity, discomfort will be experienced and
b. Echocardiography findings confirming presence of cardiomyopathy and Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF
%) of 40% or less
Cardiomyopathy directly related to alcohol or drug abuse is excluded.
SECTION III: KIDNEY CARE
We will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule if the Insured is diagnosed with any of the below
listed conditions, which first occurs or manifests itself during the Cover Period subject to all other terms,
conditions, definitions and exclusions and the insured survives the defined survival period.
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Removal of one Kidney Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis
Partial Nephrectomy Systematic lupus Eryth. with Renal Involvement
Kidney Transplant
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Removal of One Kidney
The complete surgical removal of one kidney necessitated by any disease or accident of the Insured. The need
for the surgical removal of the kidney must be certified to be absolutely necessary by a specialist in the relevant
field.
Removal of kidney as a donor and removal of congenital kidney condition including renal agenesis and nonfunctioning kidney are excluded.
2. Category A- Partial Nephrectomy
Partial removal of a kidney necessitated by renal cancer or renal tumor. The need for the surgical partial removal
of the kidney must be certified to be absolutely necessary by a specialist in the relevant field.
3. Category B- Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis
End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which
either regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried
out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
4. Category B- Systemic Lupus Erythematosis with renal involvement
A multisystem, multifactorial, autoimmune disorder characterized by the development of auto-antibodies
directed against various self-antigens. In respect of this contract, systematic lupus erythematosus will be
restricted to those forms of systematic lupus erythematosus which involve the kidneys (Class III to Class V Lupus
nephritis, established by renal biopsy, and in accordance with the WHO classification as noted below). Other
forms, discoid lupus and those forms with haematological and joint involvement are specifically excluded. The
final diagnosis must be supported by a consultant physician specializing in Rheumatology and Immunology.
WHO Lupus nephritis classification
WHO Class I (minimal) Negative, normal urine
WHO Class II (mesangial) Moderate proteinuria, occasionally active sediment
WHO Class III (focal segmental) Proteinuria, active sediment
WHO Class IV (diffuse) Acute nephritis with active sediment and/ or nephrotic
syndrome
WHO Class V (membranous) Nephrotic syndrome or severe proteinuria
5. Category B- Kidney Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human kidney that resulted from irreversible end stage kidney failure.
The undergoing of a kidney transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
SECTION IV:NEURO CARE
We will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule if the Insured is diagnosed with any of the below
listed conditions, which first occurs or manifests itself during the Cover Period subject to all other terms,
conditions, definitions and exclusions and the insured survives the defined survival period.
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Cerebral Aneurysm treatment via Endovascular procedure Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms
Permanent Paralysis of one limb Coma of Specified Severity
Permanent Paralysis of one limb
Motor Neurone Disease with Permanent Symptoms
Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
Benign Brain Tumour
Brain Surgery
Major Head Trauma
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Cerebral Aneurysm Treatment via Endovascular Procedure
Cerebral Aneurysm treatment via Endovascular procedure means the actual undergoing cerebral aneurysm
repair or coiling via endovascular access. The procedure must be considered necessary by a qualified specialist
and the benefit shall only be payable once corrective procedure has been carried out.
2. Category A- Permanent Paralysis of one limb
Total and irreversible loss of use of one or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord.
A specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no hope of
recovery and must be present for more than 3 months.
3. Category B- Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms
Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain
tissue, thrombosis in an intracranial vessel, haemorrhage and embolisation from an extracranial source.
Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner and evidenced by typical clinical symptoms as
well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain. Evidence of permanent neurological deficit lasting for at
least 3 months has to be produced.
The following are excluded:
I. Transient ischemic attacks (TIA)
II. Traumatic injury of the brain
III. Vascular disease affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions.
4. Category B- Coma of Specified Severity
A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs. This diagnosis
must be supported by evidence of all of the following:
I. No response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
II. Life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
III. Permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the coma.
The condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. Coma resulting directly from alcohol or
drug abuse is excluded.
5. Category B- Permanent Paralysis of Limbs
Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord.
A specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the paralysis will be permanent with no hope of
recovery and must be present for more than 3 months.
6. Category B- Motor Neuron Disease with Permanent Symptoms
Motor neuron disease diagnosed by a specialist medical practitioner as spinal muscular atrophy, progressive
bulbar palsy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or primary lateral sclerosis. There must be progressive degeneration
of corticospinal tracts and anterior horn cells or bulbar efferent neurons. There must be current significant and
permanent functional neurological impairment with objective evidence of motor dysfunction that has persisted
for a continuous period of at least 3 months.
7. Category B- Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
The unequivocal diagnosis of Definite Multiple Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
I. investigations including typical MRI findings which unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be multiple sclerosis
and
II. there must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which must have persisted for a
continuous period of at least 6 months.
Neurological damage due to SLE is excluded
8. Category B- Benign Brain Tumour
Benign brain tumor is defined as a life threatening, non-cancerous tumor in the brain, cranial nerves or
meninges within the skull. The presence of the underlying tumor must be confirmed by imaging studies such
as CT scan or MRI.
This brain tumor must result in at least one of the following and must be confirmed by the relevant medical
specialist.
I. Permanent Neurological deficit with persisting clinical symptoms for a continuous period of at least 90
consecutive days or 
II. Undergone surgical resection or radiation therapy to treat the brain tumor.
The following conditions are excluded:
Cysts, Granulomas, malformations in the arteries or veins of the brain, hematomas, abscesses, pituitary tumors,
tumors of skull bones and tumors of the spinal cord.
9. Category B- Brain Surgery
The actual undergoing of surgery to the brain, under general anaesthesia, during which a Craniotomy is
performed. Burr hole procedures, transphenoidal procedures, other minimally invasive procedures and brain
surgery as a result of an accident is excluded. The procedure must be considered necessary by a qualified
specialist and the benefit shall only be payable once corrective surgery has been carried out.
9. Category B- Major Head Trauma
I. Accidental head injury resulting in permanent Neurological deficit to be assessed no sooner than 3 months from
the date of the accident. This diagnosis must be supported by unequivocal findings on Magnetic Resonance
Imaging, Computerized Tomography, or other reliable imaging techniques. The accident must be caused solely
and directly by accidental, violent, external and visible means and independently of all other causes.
II. The Accidental Head injury must result in an inability to perform at least three (3) of the following Activities
of Daily Living either with or without the use of mechanical equipment, special devices or other aids and
adaptations in use for disabled persons. For the purpose of this benefit, the word “permanent” shall mean
beyond the scope of recovery with current medical knowledge and technology.
III. The Activities of Daily Living are:
i. Washing: the ability to wash in the bath or shower (including getting into and out of the bath or shower) or
wash satisfactorily by other means;
ii. Dressing: the ability to put on, take off, secure and unfasten all garments and, as appropriate, any braces,
artificial limbs or other surgical appliances;
iii. Transferring: the ability to move from a bed to an upright chair or wheelchair and vice versa;
iv. Mobility: the ability to move indoors from room to room on level surfaces;
v. Toileting: the ability to use the lavatory or otherwise manage bowel and bladder functions so as to maintain a
satisfactory level of personal hygiene;
vi. Feeding: the ability to feed oneself once food has been prepared and made available.
The following are excluded:
I. Spinal cord injury;
SECTION V: TRANSPLANTS CARE AND SENSORY ORGANS CARE
We will pay Sum Assured as specified on the Policy Schedule if the Insured is diagnosed with any of the below
listed conditions, which first occurs or manifests itself during the Cover Period subject to all other terms,
conditions, definitions and exclusions and the insured survives the defined survival period.
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Cond
Category A Conditions (25% SA) Category B Conditions (100% SA)
Blindness in one eye Blindness in both the eyes
Deafness in one ear Deafness in both ears
Loss of Speech
Lung Transplant due to End stage lung failure*
Liver Transplant due to End Stage liver failure**
Pancreas Transplant
Bone Marrow Transplant
*The benefit will also be payable on End stage lung failure
** The benefit will also be payable on End stage liver failure
Conditions covered under Category A and Category B are defined as below:
1. Category A- Blindness in one eye
I. Total, permanent and irreversible loss of total vision in one eye as a result of illness or accident.
II. The Blindness is evidenced by:
a. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in one eye or ;
b. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in one eye.
III. The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure.
2. Category A- Deafness in one ear
Total and irreversible loss of hearing in one ear as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be supported
by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means “the loss of
hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels across all frequencies of hearing” in one ear.
3. Category B- Blindness in both the eyes
Total, permanent and irreversible loss of total vision in both eyes as a result of illness or accident.
The Blindness is evidenced by:
I. corrected visual acuity being 3/60 or less in both eyes or ;
II. the field of vision being less than 10 degrees in both eyes.
The diagnosis of blindness must be confirmed and must not be correctable by aids or surgical procedure.
4. Category B- Deafness in both ears
Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears as a result of illness or accident. This diagnosis must be
supported by pure tone audiogram test and certified by an Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) specialist. Total means
“the loss of hearing to the extent that the loss is greater than 90 decibels across all frequencies of hearing” in
both ears.
5. Category B- Loss of Speech
I. Total and irrecoverable loss of the ability to speak as a result of injury or disease to the vocal cords. The inability to
speak must be established for a continuous period of 12 months. This diagnosis must be supported by medical
evidence furnished by an Ear, Nose, Throat (ENT) specialist.
6. Category B- Lung Transplant due to End stage lung failure
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human lung that resulted from irreversible end stage lung disease. The
undergoing of a lung transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
End stage lung disease, causing chronic respiratory failure, as confirmed and evidenced by all of the following:
I. FEV1 test results consistently less than 1 litre measured on 3 occasions 3 months apart; and
II. Requiring continuous permanent supplementary oxygen therapy for hypoxemia; and
III. Arterial blood gas analysis with partial oxygen pressure of 55mmHg or less (PaO2 < 55mmHg); and
IV. Dyspnea at rest.
7. Category B- Liver Transplant due to End Stage liver failure
The actual undergoing of a transplant of human liver that resulted from irreversible end stage liver failure. The
undergoing of a liver transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
End stage liver failure is evidenced by permanent and irreversible failure of liver function that has resulted in all
three of the following:
I. Permanent jaundice; and
II. Ascites; and
III. Hepatic encephalopathy
The following are excluded:
Liver failure secondary to drug or alcohol abuse is excluded.
8. Category B- Pancreas Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of pancreas, that resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of the
pancreas. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
The following are excluded:
I. Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted
9. Category B- Bone Marrow Transplant
The actual undergoing of a transplant of:
I. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant has to be confirmed by a
specialist medical practitioner.
The following are excluded:
I. Other stem-cell transplants.
SPECIFIC CONDITIONS AND ILLUSTRATIONS APPLICABLE FOR ALL SECTIONS:
1. Insured can opt for one or more Critical Illness Sections. The benefits payable will be independent for each
section if more than one sections are chosen.
e.g If Mr. X opt for first 3 Sections (Critical Illness groups) i.e Cancer Care, Cardiovascular Care and Kidney
Care, he/she can claim in any or all sections independently as per these Policy Wordings/Standard Terms and
Conditions.
If Mr. X diagnosed with Carcinoma -in-situ in 8th month of Policy followed by unfortunate Major Head Trauma in
11th month, he can independently claim fori 25% of Cancer Care Sum Assured ( 25% of Sum Assured because of Category A condition)
ii 100% of Neuro Care Sum Assured (100% of Sum Assured because of Category B condition).
2. Two claims (one from Category A conditions and another from Category B conditions) are allowed for each
Critical Illness section.
e.g In above example if Mr. X is further diagnosed as lymphoma supported by histological evidence of
malignancy in 12th Month, he can further claim for rest of his balance Sum Assured under Section 1. Here
eligibility of the Insured will be 75% of Cancer Care Sum Assured Because-
• Diagnosed condition is from Category B i.e 100% Sum Assured to be payable but-
• 25% of Sum Assured is already paid in Category A condition
• Hence total claim liability will be 100% of SA – 25% of SA = 75% of SA
3. Insured cannot claim for two conditions from Category A only for one Section.
4. If we have paid 100% of the sum assured under any of the sections opted, then the coverage for the respective
section shall cease for the Insured Member, however Policy shall continue for rest of Sections (if opted). However
the premium for subsequent renewal/s would be calculated excluding the section for which claim has been
paid.
5. After a claim from any critical illness section has been paid under Criti-Care Policy, the said Insured will not be
able to opt for any new critical illness section.
ADDITIONAL BENEFITS
1. Cancer Reconstructive Surgery:
If claim under Category B of Section I: Cancer Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make
an additional payment of 10% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 200,000 as specified in
the Policy Schedule under Section I: Cancer Care, a lump sum benefit amount towards Cancer Reconstructive
Surgery (such as breast, head or neck) for the Insured.
2. Cardiac Nursing:
If claim under Category B of Section II: Cardiovascular Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will
make an additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 50,000 as specified in
the Policy Schedule under Section II: Cardiovascular Care, a lump sum benefit amount towards Cardiac Nursing
for the Insured.
3. Dialysis Care:
If claim under Category B of Section III: Kidney Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make an
additional payment of 10% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 200,000 as specified in the
Policy Schedule under Section III: Kidney Care, a lump sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing dialysis.
4. Physiotherapy Care:
If claim under Category B of Section IV : Neuro Care of the Insured is accepted by the Us, then We will make an
additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR 50,000 as specified in the Policy
Schedule under Section IV: Neuro Care, a lump sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing physiotherapy.
5. Sensory Care:
If claim under Category B of Section V: Transplants Care And Sensory Organs Care of the Insured is accepted by
the Us, then We will pay the following additional benefit over and above the base Sum Assured:
The Company will make an additional payment of 5% of the Sum Assured subject to a maximum limit of INR
50,000 as specified in the Policy Schedule under Section V: Transplants Care And Sensory Organs Care, a lump
sum benefit amount for the Insured undergoing speech therapy, hearing loss treatments such as Cochlear
implants.
Wellness Discount
1. Wellness Discount
Insured member is eligible for 5% discount at each renewal provided he / she maintains a healthy & fit lifestyle
by engaging in physical fitness activity* consistently along with submission of the below mentioned medical test
reports & if all the reports are falling within normal range as specified below.
Sr.No. Test Name Test Result
1 ECG Normal Sinus Rhythm
2 Fasting Blood Sugar Less than or equal to 100 mg/dl
3 Sr. Creatinine 0.90 - 1.2 mg /dl
4
Lipid Profile
Cholesterol Up to 200 mg/dl
Triglycerides Up to 150 mg/dl
5 BMI Up to 27
Note:
The wellness discount can be availed annually provided he submits the test reports conducted in wellestablished laboratory set up.
Reports conducted 3 months prior to renewal due date would be considered for this benefit.
*Physical fitness activity will be defined as minimum 15,000 steps every week or 60,000 steps every month for
minimum mandatory period of 6 months from the risk inception date to be eligible for the Wellness discount.
In case of a long term policy (2 or 3 years), the minimum mandatory period of 6 months must be completed in
each policy year.


Company’s Mobile application must be downloaded within 30 days from policy risk inception date to avail this
benefit. Average step count completed by an insured member would be tracked on this mobile application. We
reserve the right to remove or reduce count of steps if found to be achieved in unfair manner by manipulation
Policy Period: 1 Year
Month 1st
Month
2nd
Month
3rd
Month
4th
Month
5th
Month
6th
Month
7th
Month
8th
Month
9th
Month
10th
Month
11th
Month
12th
Month
No. of
Steps 65,000 60,000 55,000 70,000 50,000 65,000 60,000 70,000 65,000 45,000 55,000 50,000
In this illustration the insured is completing minimum 60,000 steps/ month for 7 out of 12 months in a year.
Therefore he/she will be eligible for wellness discount.
2. Long Term Policy Discount
i. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
ii. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
(Note: This is not applicable on instalment premium option).
3. Employee Discount
20% discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz & its group companies, this discount is
applicable only if the Policy is booked in direct office code.
Note: Online/Direct Customer Discount is not applicable to Employees)
4. Online Discount
5% discount is extended for the policies purchased online/ through website/direct customers. This benefit is
extended to direct customers in lieu of the commission
Note: Online/Direct Customer Discount is not applicable to Employees)
What are the Sum Assured options available under the policy?
Section Minimum SA for entry age
18-65 yrs
Maximum SA up to entry
age 60
Maximum SA for entry age
61-65
Cancer Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Cardiovascular Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Kidney Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Neuro Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
Transplants Care and
Sensory Organs Care 1 lac 50 lacs 10 lacs
If more than one Sections are chosen, the total SA will be restricted to INR 2 Crores
For Entry age 61-65 years, the maximum SA for new business and renewals will be 10 Lacs under each section
For age 66-80 years, each section can be renewed only for maximum 5 Lacs.
For age above 80 years, each section can be renewed only for maximum SA of 2 Lacs.
Who can be covered under Criti Care?
Self, Spouse, Dependent Children and Grand Children, Parents and Parent-in-laws, Sister, Brother, Aunt, Uncle
What is the entry age?
• Minimum entry age for Adult- 18 years
• Minimum entry age for Child- 3 months
• Maximum entry age for Adult - 65 years
• Maximum entry age for Child - 30 years
What is the renewal age?
• Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy, except on the grounds of
Your moral hazard, misrepresentation, non- cooperation or fraud(Subject to policy is renewed annually with us
within the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry).
Eligibility
• Indian nationals.
• This policy can be opted by Non-Resident Indians also, provided premium is paid in Indian currency
What is the Policy Period?
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years.
What is Installment Premium terms?
If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Annual (for long term
polices only), Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy Schedule/Certificate of Insurance, the
following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)
The grace period of fifteen days (where premium is paid on a monthly instalments) and thirty days (where
premium is paid in quarterly/half-yearly/annual instalments) is available on the premium due date, to pay the
premium.
If the policy is renewed during grace period, all the credits (sum insured, No Claim Bonus, Specific Waiting
periods, waiting periods for pre-existing diseases, Moratorium period etc.) accrued under the policy shall be
protected.
If the premium is paid in instalments during the policy period, coverage will be available for the grace period
also.
The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the “Waiting Periods”, “Specific Waiting
Periods” in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
No interest will be charged If the instalment premium is not paid on due date.
In case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled.
In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable.
The company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due under
the policy.
Is this a floater policy / individual policy?
• Policy provides Individual basis Sum Assured.
What are the Pre-Policy Medical Examination criteria?
• Non-Medical limitsAge Non-Medical Limits for Cardiovascular Care, Kidney Care, Neuro Care, Transplant Care and Sensory
Organ Care
18 - 45 yrs 25 Lacs
46 - 50 yrs 20 Lacs
51 - 55 yrs 10 Lacs
56 - 65 yrs Mandatory Pre policy medical check up
• Medical tests are mandatory for members’ age above mentioned Age.
• In Case the Insured opts for Cancer Care section, no pre policy medical tests will be applicable subject to no
adverse health condition.
• The pre-policy check up would be arranged at our empanelled diagnostic centers.
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of medical examination.
• If pre-policy check up would be conducted in our paneled diagnostic centre, 100% of the standard medical tests
charges would be reimbursed, subject to acceptance of proposal and policy issuance.
Medical Examinations
FMR ECG
Fasting Blood Sugar HbA1c
Lipid Profile Serum Creatinine
SGOT SGPT
GGT Urine-Routine
CBC X-Ray- Chest
Stress Test USG Abdomen
PAP Smear for females PSA for males
*Subject to no adverse health conditions mentioned above
What are the exclusions under the policy?
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of
or attributable to any of the following:
I. Waiting Period
1. Any Critical Illness or its signs and symptoms diagnosed within the first 180/120 days as mentioned in the policy
schedule of the date of commencement of the First Policy with us is excluded. This exclusion shall not apply to
an Insured for whom coverage has been renewed by the Named Insured, without a break, for subsequent years.
 2. Insured should survive for 0/ 7/15 days as mentioned in the policy schedule from the diagnosis and fulfilment of
the critical illness definition before the claim benefit will be paid.
II. General Exclusions
1. Any sexually transmitted diseases
2. Treatment arising from or traceable to birth defects and congenital anomalies.
3. War, whether war be declared or not, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, rebellion,
revolution, mutiny, military or usurped power, riot, strike, lockout, military or popular uprising, civil commotion,
martial law or loot, sack or pillage in connection therewith, confiscation or destruction by any government or
public authority or any act or condition incidental to any of the above.
4. Any natural peril (including but not limited to storm, tempest, avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions,
hurricane, or any other kind of natural hazard).
5. Radioactive contamination
6. Self-inflicted injuries, suicide attempt, insanity, and deliberate participation of the Insured in an illegal or criminal
act with criminal intent.
7. Use or misuse of intoxicating drugs and/or alcohol, except under the direction of Medical Practitioner
Renewal
1. Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the Policy except on the grounds
of fraud, misrepresentation or moral hazard or non-co-operation by the Insured or if any false statement, or
declaration is made or used or Upon the occurrence of an event of Critical Illness.
2. In case of our own renewal, a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as
continuous. However, any accident/ injury contracted during the break period will be not be admissible under
the Policy.
3. Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent continuation of cover are subject to change with prior
approval from IRDAI.
4. If we have paid 100% of the sum assured under any of the sections opted then the coverage for the respective
section shall cease for the insured member, however Policy shall continue for rest of Sections (if opted).
5. The section against which 100% of sum assured has been paid shall not be renewed for the insured member.
6. After a claim from any opted section, the policyholder cannot buy new sections.
Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy
year, provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the
insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then
expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund
of premium for cancellations on these grounds.
Note:
The first slab of Number of days “within 15 days” in above table is applicable only in case of new business.
Free Look Period
You have a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the first Policy document to review the terms and
conditions of this Policy. If You have any objections to any of the terms and conditions, You have the option of
cancelling the Policy stating the reasons for cancellation. If you have not made any claim during the Free look
period, you shall be entitled to refund of premium subject to,
i a deduction of the expenses incurred by Us on Your medical examination, stamp duty charges, if the risk has not
commenced,
ii a deduction of the stamp duty charges, medical examination charges & proportionate risk premium for period
on cover, If the risk has commenced
iii a deduction of such proportionate risk premium commensurating with the risk covered during such period
,where only a part of risk has commenced
iv Free Look Period will not be applicable for renewal Policies.
Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDAI, applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers who were
holding similar retail Criti-Care policies of other non-life insurers or health insurers.
Revision/ Modification of the policy:
There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions, coverages and/or premiums of this product
at any time in future, with appropriate approval from IRDAI. In such an event of revision/modification of the
product, intimation shall be set out to all the existing insured members at least 3 months prior to the date of
such revision/modification comes into the effect.


Withdrawal of Policy
1. There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future with appropriate approval from IRDAI,
as We reserve Our right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an
event of withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among
Our available similar and closely similar Personal accident Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new
product, You will be charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, as
approved by IRDAI.
2. Provided however, if You do not respond to Our intimation regarding the withdrawal of the product under
which this Policy is issued, then this Policy shall be withdrawn and shall not be available to You for renewal
on the renewal date and accordingly upon Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You shall have to take a Policy
under available new products of Us subject to Your paying the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such
available new product chosen by You and also subject to Portability condition.
Migration of Policy:
1. The Insured can opt for migration of Policy to our other similar or closely similar products at the time of renewal.
2. The premium will be charged as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, and all the
guidelines, terms and condition of the chosen product shall be applicable.
3. Suitable credit of continuity/waiting periods for all the previous Policy years would be extended in the new
Policy, provided the Policy has been maintained without a break
Claim Settlement Process
In the event of a claim arising out of an Insured Event covered under this Section, the Insured Event as described
above shall be intimated to the Company within thirty (30) days date of first diagnosis of the Illness, date of
surgical procedure or date of occurrence of the medial event as the case may be and the Insured shall, promptly
and in any event within thirty (30) days of discharge from the Hospital, arrange for submission of the following
documents to the Company:
1. Certificate from the attending Medical Practitioner of the Insured confirming, inter alia,
a. Name of the Insured;
b. Name, date of occurrence and medical details of the Insured Event;
c. Confirmation that the Insured Event does not relate to any Pre-Existing Condition; and
d. Confirmation that the Insured Event does not relate to any Illness or Injury which existed within the first 90 days
of commencement of the Policy Period.
2. Duly completed claim forms;
3. Original Discharge Certificate/Card from the Hospital/Medical Practitioner;
4. Original investigation test reports, indoor case papers;
Note: In case the Insured is claiming for the same event under an indemnity based Policy of another insurer
and is required to submit the original documents related to his treatment with that particular insurer, then the
Insured may provide the Company with the attested Xerox copies of such documents along with a declaration
from the particular insurer specifying the availability of the original copies of the specified treatment documents
with it.
In cases of suspected fraud / misrepresentation, we may call for any additional document(s) in addition to the
documents listed above.
All documents related to claims should be submitted to:
Health Administration Team
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd
2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building
Viman Nagar, Pune 411014
Toll Free no: 1800 209 5858
Note: If the original documents are submitted with the other insurer, the Xerox copies attested by the other
insurer should be submitted
Payment of Claims
1. You agree that We need only make payment when You or someone claiming on Your behalf has provided Us
with necessary documentation and information. We will make payment to You or Your Nominee. If there is
no Nominee and You are incapacitated or deceased, We will pay Your heir, executor or validly appointed legal
representative and any payment We make in this way will be a complete and final discharge of Our liability to
make payment.
2. On receipt of all the documents and on being satisfied with regard to the admissibility of the claim as per Policy
Wordings/Terms and Conditions, We shall offer within a period of 30 days a settlement of the claim to you. Upon
acceptance of an offer of settlement by you, the payment of the amount due shall be made within 7 days from
the date of acceptance of the offer by you. In the cases of delay in the payment, We shall be liable to pay interest
at a rate which is 2% above the bank rate prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which the claim is
reviewed by it.
3. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation, the Company will initiate and complete
such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
document. In such cases, the Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the company will be liable to pay interest at a
rate which is 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment
of claim.
4. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation, the Company will initiate and complete
such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
document. In such cases, the Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company will be liable to pay interest at a
rate which is 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment
of claim.
5. If We, for any reasons decide to reject the claim under the Policy, the reasons regarding the rejection shall be
communicated to you in writing within 30 days of the receipt of complete set of documents. You may take
recourse to the Grievance Redressal procedure.
Process to buy this policy?
1. Discuss the policy benefits, coverage and premium details with your insurance advisor or visit our website
(www.bajajallianz.com) for details.
2. Actively seek information on the charges and exclusions under the policy.
3. Fill the proposal form stating your personal details and health profile.
4. Ensure that the information given in the form is complete and accurate.
5. The Policy Schedule, Policy Wordings, Cashless Cards and Health Guide will be sent to your mailing address
mentioned on the proposal form.
Contact:
Health Administration Team,
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.
2nd floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, Behind Weikfield IT Park, Off Nagar Road,Viman Nagar-Pune - 411 014.
*Toll Free No. 1-800-225858 (for for BSNL/MTNL lines only) or 1-800-1025858 (for Bharti users - mobile /
landline) or 020-30305858
Please visit our website for list of network hospitals and network Diagnostic Centers , Website: www.
bajajallianz.com or get in touch with 24*7 helpline number: 1800-103-2529 (toll free) / 020-30305858
Grievance Redressal Cell for Senior Citizens
Senior Citizen Cell for Insured Person who are Senior Citizens
‘Good things come with time’ and so for our customers who are above 60 years of age we have created special
cell to address any health insurance related query. Our senior citizen customers can reach us through the below
dedicated channels to enable us to service them promptly
Health toll free number: 1800-103-2529
Exclusive Email address: seniorcitizen@bajajallianz.co.in
Disclaimer: The above information is only indicative in nature and for more details on the coverage, terms
and exclusions, please get in touch with nearest office of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd