Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture
between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj Auto
Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability
and strength. This joint venture company incorporates global
expertise with local experience. The comprehensive, innovative
solutions combine the technical expertise and experience of the 110
year old Allianz SE, and in-depth market knowledge and good will of
Bajaj brand in India. Competitive pricing and quick honest response
have earned the company the customer's trust and market
leadership in a very short time.
The Bajaj Allianz Advantage
How does the Extra Care Policy benefit me?
In the times of rising medical costs Bajaj Allianz’s Extra Care Policy is
the perfect health protection for you and your family. It takes care of
the medical treatment costs incurred during hospitalization due to
serious accident or illness. This policy can be taken as add on cover to
your existing hospitalization – medical expenses policy. In case of
higher expenses due to illness or accidents Extra care policy takes
care of the additional expenses.
What are the Special Features of Extra Care policy?
• Floater Policy with the single premium for the family
• Competitive premium rates
• Waiver of medical tests up to 55 years subject to no adverse medical
history.
• Continuity for waiting periods would be given on the base
hospitalisation policy.
• The policy covers ambulance charges in case of emergency subject
to a maximum of Rs 3000
• Income Tax Benefit under Sec 80 D of the IT Act on the premiums
paid for this policy.
What is covered under extra care policy?
• This policy covers hospitalisation expenses in excess to the
specified deductible amount.
• Deductible amount is applicable as per the plan opted.


• This policy also covers Pre and Post Hospitalisation expenses for 60
and 90 days respectively.
• Ambulance charges Rs 3000/- per Hospitalisation. .
• Modern Treatment:
Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies (as
per below list) shall be covered up to Base Sum Insured, subject to
policy terms, conditions, coverage, waiting periods and exclusions.
A. Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU
B. Balloon Sinuplasty
C. Deep Brain stimulation
D. Oral chemotherapy
E. Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection
F. Intra vitreal injections
G. Robotic surgeries
H. Stereotactic radio surgeries
I. Bronchical Thermoplasty
J. Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or
holmium laser treatment)
K. IONM-(Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)
L. Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow
transplant for haematological conditions to be covered.
What is deductible?
• Deductible means the amount stated in the schedule which shall
be borne by the insured in respect of each and every
hospitalization claim incurred in the policy period.
• The company’s liability to make any payment for each and every
claim under the policy is in excess of the deductible.
How is the deductible applied at the time of claim?
• Deductible would be applied afresh for each claim.
• Each and every hospitalization would be considered as a separate
claim.
• The limit of indemnity /Sum Insured is the maximum liability above
the deductible.
For example – If the Sum Insured is Rs 10 lakhs and deductible is Rs 3
lakhs, our liability for a claim of Rs 13 lakhs would be Rs 10 lakhs
(which is over and above the deductible).
What are the Sum Insured options under this policy?


What is the entry age under this policy?
• Age of entry for proposer, spouse and parents is 18 yrs – 70 Years.
• Children from 3 Months - 25 years can be covered as dependents.
What will be the renewal age?
• Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
under the policy except on the grounds of fraud, misrepresentation
or moral hazard.
What is the policy period?
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years
Discount under the policy
• Long Term Policy Discount:
a. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
b. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
What is the premium paying term?
• Policy can be paid on installment basis-Annual, Half Yearly, Quarterly
or Monthly
Who can be covered under this Policy?
• Self, spouse and 3 dependent children can be covered under the
policy.
• Dependent parents can also be covered under this policy, a separate
policy would be issued for parents.
Do I need to undergo medical check up?
• Waiver of medical tests up to 55 years subject to no adverse
medical history.
• Medical tests (pre-policy check up) would be advised for members
56 years and above.
List of the medical tests to be conducted are : Full Medical Report,
ECG with reporting, FBG, CBC WITH ESR , Cholesterol, HDL
Cholesterol, Triglycerides, Creatinine, GGTP, SGOT, SGPT, HbA1c,
Urinalysis, Total Protein, Sr. Albumin, Sr. Globulin, A:G Ratio
• The pre-policy check up would be arranged at our empanelled
diagnostic centers.
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of medical
examination.
• 50 % cost of pre-policy check up would be refunded if the proposal is
accepted & policy is issued.
When can I Increase the Sum Insured?
• Sum Insured enhancement can be done only at renewals.
• For enhancement of sum insured, fresh proposal form along with the
renewal notice should be submitted.


What are the exclusions and waiting periods under
the policy
I. Waiting Period
1. Pre-existing Diseases waiting period (Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED)
and its direct complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36
months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first
Extra Care Policy with us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply
afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined
under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance)
Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to
the extent of prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any preexisting disease is subject to the same being declared at the time of
application and accepted by Us.
2. Any Medical Expenses incurred during the first 36 months during
which You/your family member(s) named in the schedule have the
benefit of an Extra Care policy with Us in connection with joint
replacement surgery unless such joint replacement surgery is
necessitated by accidental Bodily Injury.
In case of change in plan from a lower deductible plan to higher
deductible plan this Exclusion shall apply afresh only to the extent of
the amount by which the limit of indemnity has been increased (i.e.
enhanced sum insured) if the policy is a renewal of Extra Care Policy
without break in cover.
3. 30-day waiting period (Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from
the first Policy commencement date shall be excluded except claims
arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured has
Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the
enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum Insured
subsequently.
II. General Exclusion
1. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be
declared or not) [except for compelling the Government or any other
person to do or abstain from doing any act as defined under the
definition of Terrorist act], civil war, commotion, unrest, rebellion,


revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or
nationalization or requisition of or damage by or under the order of
any government or public local authority.
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Acts of Terrorism will be
covered under the policy.
2. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or
Accidental bodily injury,
3. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches,
dentures, artificial teeth and all other external appliances and/or
devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of
Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical
procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, infra cardiac valve
replacements, vascular stents etc.
4. Investigation & Evaluation (Excl04)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and
evaluation purposes only are excluded even if the same requires
confinement at a Hospital.
b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to
the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.
5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Excl05)
Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest
and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care
such as help with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing,
moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled
persons.
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address medical,
physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.
6. Obesity/Weight Control (Excl06)
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not
fulfil all the below conditions:
1. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
2. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical
protocols
3. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
4. Body Mass Index (BMI);
a. greater than or equal to 40 or
b. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following
severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of
weight loss:


i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
7. Change-of-gender treatments (Excl07)
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management,
to change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite sex.
8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Excl08)
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change
appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s)
or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a
direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be
considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending
Medical Practitioner.
9. Hazardous or Adventure Sports (Excl09)
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation
as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but not
limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting,
motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving,
deep-sea diving.
10. Breach of law (Excl10)
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon
any Insured committing or attempting to commit a breach of law
with criminal intent.
11. Excluded Providers (Excl11)
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any
Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded by
the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders
are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or
following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are
payable but not the complete claim.
12. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive
condition and consequences thereof. (Excl12)
13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or
similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home
attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged
wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Excl13)


14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without
prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and
organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as
part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure. (Excl14)
15. Refractive Error (Excl15)
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to
refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
16. Unproven Treatments (Excl16)
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies
for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are
treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical
documentation to support their effectiveness.
17. Sterility and Infertility (Excl17)
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
a. Any type of contraception, sterilization
b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and
advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
c. Gestational Surrogacy
d. Reversal of sterilization
18. Maternity (Excl 18)
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including
complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during
hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and
lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period.
19. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post
hospitalisation care including cost of instrument used in the
treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous
Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and Oxygen concentrator
for Bronchial Asthmatic condition
20. Intentional self-injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse
of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
21. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite
treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part of treatment
recommended by the treating doctor.
22. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (also
known as Allopathy And AYUSH therapies).
23. All non-medical Items as per Annexure I provided in Policy Wordings


Global expertise
Innovative packages to match individual needs
Quick disbursement of claims
HAT: In-house Claim Administration
Sum Insured ( excluding deductibles) Deductible per hospitalization
Rs.1000000/- Rs.300000/-
Rs.1200000/- Rs.400000/-
Rs.1500000/- Rs.500000/-


24. Any treatment received outside India is not covered under this
policy.
25. Venereal disease or any sexually transmitted disease or sickness.
26. Surgery to correct deviated septum and hypertrophied turbinate.
27. Expenses related to donor screening, treatment, including surgery
to remove organs from a donor in the case of transplant surgery.
28. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures,
dental prosthesis, dental implants, orthodontics, surgery of any kind
unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also
requiring hospitalization.
Free Look Period
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health
insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of
porting/migrating the policy.
The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days from
date of receipt of the policy document to review the terms and
conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period,
the insured shall be entitled to
i. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the
Company on medical examination of the insured person and the
stamp duty charges or
ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of
the policy is exercised by the insured person, a deduction towards
the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such
proportionate premium commensurate with the insurance
coverage during such period;
Renewal of the policy
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation by the insured person.
i. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However,
the Company is not under obligation to give any notice for renewal.
ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person
had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years.
iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received
by the Company before the end of the policy period.


iv. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be
renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days to maintain continuity of
benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the
grace period.
v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims
experience.
Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice
of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the premium for
the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will
be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be
refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy
years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a prorata basis, provided no claim has been made during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already
commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance coverage has
commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the
Policyholder, then expenses incurred by the Company on medical
examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of
misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts, or fraud by the
Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days' written notice.
There will be no refund of premium for cancellations on these
grounds.
Grace period
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous for the purpose of
30days and 3 years waiting periods.
• Any medical expenses incurred as a result of disease condition/
Accident contracted during the break period will not be admissible
under the policy.
Portability Conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other
insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire policy along
with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but
not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI
guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently covered
and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any
health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the
proposed insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits in
waiting periods as per IRDAIguidelines on portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mi
d=3.2.3
Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy
Including the Premium Rates
The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the
terms of the policy including the premium rates. The insured person
shall be notified three months before the changes are effected.
◼ Norms of Migration
The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to other
health insurance products/plans offered by the company by
applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the policy
renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is
presently covered and has been continuously covered without any
lapses under any health insurance product/plan offered by the
company, the insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits
in waiting periods as per IRDAIguidelines on migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3


Withdrawal of Policy:
i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the
Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90 days
prior to expiry of the policy.
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health
insurance product available with the Company at the time of
renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative
bonus, waiver of waiting period. as per IRDAI guidelines, provided
the policy has been maintained without a break.
What would be the process in case of a claim under
my Extra Care policy?
• The Claim under cashless and reimbursement would be admissible
in excess of the deductible limit, subject to terms, conditions,
exclusions & definitions as per the policy wordings.
• The proof of settlement of the deductible amount has to be produced
at the time of claim in case of any other existing insurance policy .
• For reimbursement claims You or someone claiming on Your behalf
must inform Us in writing immediately, and in any event within 30
days of the aforesaid Illness or Bodily Injury.


Annual premium chart:
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by
Insurance Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition
of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as
an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an
insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in
India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or
any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person
taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate,
except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the
published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person making
default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable
for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.
UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223 UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223 UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223 UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223
BAJAJ ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ HOUSE, AIRPORT ROAD, YERAWADA,
PUNE - 411006. IRDA REG NO.: 113.
FOR ANY QUERY (TOLL FREE)
1800-209-0144 /1800-209-5858
www.bajajallianz.com
bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in
Policy holders can download Caringly Yours app for one -touch access Available on:
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales brochure
before concluding a sale.
Note: It is mandatory to keep updated your policy with your correct contact details and
bank account details, to process any of your service requests faster and hassle-free. To
update your contact details i.e., Mobile No., Email ID, PAN Card, and Bank Account
details, please use chatbot, visit our website, contact your agent or nearest branch.
CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329
UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223
BJAZ-B-0369/23-07-2024
CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329 | UIN: BAJHLIP23068V032223
BAJAJ ALLIANZ
EXTENDED HEALTH COVER
EXTRA CARE
Sum Insured/Deductible No.of
Members
90 days-40
yrs
41 yrs-60
yrs
61 yrs
onwards
Plan A
Rs.1000000/ Rs. 300000
1 2,625 3,940 6,195
2 3,675 5,515 8,505
3 4,225 6,340 9,720
4 4,650 6,975 10,650
5 5,115 7,670 11,670
Sum Insured/Deductible No.of
Members
90 days-40
yrs
41 yrs-60
yrs
61 yrs
onwards
Plan B
Rs.1200000/ Rs. 400000
1 4,725 5,775 8,295
2 6,145 7,510 10,660
3 6,755 8,260 11,680
4 7,435 9,090 12,810
5 8,025 9,810 13,800
Sum Insured/Deductible No.of
Members
90 days-40
yrs
41 yrs-60
yrs
61 yrs
onwards
Plan C
Rs.1500000/ Rs. 500000
1 4,990 6,040 8,560
2 6,485 7,850 11,000
3 7,135 8,635 12,060
4 7,850 9,495 13,225
5 8,475 10,260 14,250
Note:The premiums are in INR and excluding all taxes
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by
Insurance Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition
of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as
an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an
insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in
India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or
any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person
taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate,
except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the
published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person making
default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable
for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.
Benefit Illustration in respect of Policies offered on Floater basis
Age of the
members
to be
insured
Coverage opted on
Individual Basis covering
each member of the
family separately (at a
single point in time)
Coverage opted on individual basis covering
multiple members of the family under as single
policy (Sum Insured is available for each
member of the family)
Coverage opted on floater basis with overall Sum
Insured (Only one sum insured is available for the
entire family)
Premium Sum Insured/
Deductible
Premium Discount Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured/
Deductible
Premium or
consolidated
premium for
all members
of family
Floater
discount
if any
Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured/
Deductible
55 NA NA NA NA NA NA
50 NA NA NA NA NA NA 6,975 NA 1,000,000/300,000
20 NA NA NA NA NA NA
18 NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA
Total premium when policy is opted on floater basis is Rs 6,975
(No discount Applicable)
NA NA
Sum Insured/Deductible of Rs 1,000,000/300,000 is available
for the entire family
Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustration shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the premium rates shall be exclusive
of taxes applicable.