◼ INTRODUCTION
 Life being uncertain takes you through many twists and turns. Accidents can happen to anyone anywhere and
moreover accidental death or injury of a breadwinner can create serious financial problems for the family and
you may not be prepared for it. To take care of such situations Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited
brings to you a “Global Personal Guard Policy” that protects your from all hardships of life .
◼ WHAT ARE THE COVERS AVAILABLE UNDER THE POLICY?
There are two sections under the policy, base cover & optional cover.
 There are three sections in the Base Covers and You will have to mandatorily opt for any one of the three sections
for all the members covered under the policy. However more than one section or all the three sections can also
be opted.
The sections under base cover are as under:
a. BASE COVER:
Section I: Death
Section II: Permanent Total Disability
Section III: Permanent Partial Disability
b. OPTIONAL COVERS:
 There are 12 optional covers and You may opt for any or all the following Optional Covers on payment of
additional premium.
 Optional Cover I: Accidental Hospitalization Expenses
 Optional Cover II: Adventure Sports Benefit
 Optional Cover III: Air Ambulance Cover
 Optional Cover IV: Children Education Benefit
 Optional Cover V: Coma Due to Accidental Bodily Injury
 Optional Cover VI: EMI Payment Cover
 Optional Cover VII: Fracture Care
 Optional Cover VIII: Hospital Cash Benefit
 Optional Cover IX: Loan Protector Cover
 Optional Cover X: Loss of Income due to Disability from Accident
 Optional Cover XI: Road Ambulance Cover
 Optional Cover XII: Travel Expenses Benefit
◼ SCOPE OF COVER
◽ BASE COVERS:
◾ SECTION I: DEATH
 If during the Policy Period, the Insured Person sustains Accidental Bodily Injury which directly and
independently of all other causes results in Death of the insured person within twelve (12) months
from the Date of accident, then the Company agrees to pay the Sum Insured stated in the respective
section of the Policy Schedule to assignee, as the case may be, (as per the Proposal Form read with the
provisions of Section 38 Insurance Amendment Act 2015) and in the absence of an assignee to the
Insured Person’s Nominee or legal representative, provided however in case the assignment is partial
assignment/conditional assignment, then the payment of Sum Insured upon Death of the Insured shall
depend upon and subject to terms and conditions of such partial assignment/conditional assignment.
Additional Benefits:
 If the claim under Section I: Death is accepted for you, then we will pay for the following additional expenses over
and above the base sum insured:
a. Transportation of mortal remains
 We will make an additional payment of 1% of the Sum Insured as specified under Section I – Death of the
policy schedule as a lump sum benefit amount towards the expenses of transporting the body remains of
the insured person from the place of death to a hospital, cremation ground or burial ground or to the insured
person’s residence.
b. Funeral Expenses
 We will make an additional payment of 1% of the Sum Insured as specified under Section I - Death of the
policy schedule as a lump sum benefit amount towards Funeral Expense of the deceased Insured Person.
 The claim amount shall be paid to your nominee or legal representative.
Extensions:
a. Disappearance
 In the event of the disappearance of the Insured Person, following a forced landing, stranding, sinking or
wrecking of a conveyance in which such Insured Person was known to have been travelling as an occupant,
it shall be deemed after twelve (12) months, that such Insured Person shall have died as the result of an
Accident. If at any time, after the payment of the Accidental death benefit, it is discovered that the Insured
Person is still alive, all payments shall be reimbursed in full to the Company.
◾ SECTION II: PERMANENT TOTAL DISABILITY
 If you sustain Accidental Bodily Injury during the Policy Period which directly and independently of all other
causes results in permanent total disability within twelve (12) months from the Date of accident, then we agree
to pay the Sum Insured as specified under the Section II – Permanent Total Disability of the policy schedule.
For the purpose of this cover, Permanent Total Disability shall mean either of the following:
i. Loss of the sight of both eyes
ii. Physical separation of or the loss of ability to use both hands or both feet
iii. Physical separation of or the loss of ability to use one hand and one foot
iv. Loss of sight of one eye and the physical separation of or the loss of ability to use either one hand or one foot
Additional Benefits:
 If claim under Section II: Permanent Total Disability of the insured person is accepted, then we will pay the
following additional benefit:
a. Lifestyle Modification Benefit:
 We will make an additional payment of 2% of the Sum Insured as specified under Section II: Permanent
Total Disability of the policy schedule as a lump sum benefit amount towards lifestyle modifications such
as modification of place of residence and / or modification of the vehicle for the insured person.
 Note: The additional benefits payable under Section I and II of the base cover is over and above the sum
insured opted.
◾ SECTION III: PERMANENT PARTIAL DISABILITY
 If you sustain Accidental Bodily Injury during the Policy Period which directly and independently of all other
causes results in Permanent Partial Disability within twelve (12) months from the Date of accident, then we
agree to pay the percentage shown in the table below applied to the Sum Insured as specified under Section III
-Permanent Partial Disability of the policy schedule
Permanent Partial Disability % of Sum Insured Permanent Partial Disability % of Sum Insured
Hearing of both ears 75% A foot at the ankle 40%
An arm at the shoulder joint 70% Hearing of one ear 30%
A leg above mid-thigh 70% A thumb 20%
An arm above the elbow joint 65% An index finger 10%
An arm beneath the elbow joint 60% Sense of smell 10%
A leg up to mid-thigh 60% Sense of taste 5%
A hand at the wrist 55% Any other finger 5%
A leg up to beneath the knee 50% A large toe 5%
An eye 50% Any other toe 2%
A leg up to mid-calf 45%
 If the Permanent Partial Disability is not listed in the table, then the disability percentage certified by the
Government Civil Surgeon would be considered for claim process. We will pay the percentage shown in the
certificate, applied to the Permanent Partial Disability Sum Insured.
 If more than one Permanent Partial Disability loss has resulted due to accidental Injury, the claim amount
payable for all such losses put together should not exceed the total Sum Insured as opted by the Insured under
this section.
◽ OPTIONAL COVERS:
(Note: Below Optional Covers can be opted on payment of additional premium.)
◾ OPTIONAL COVER I: ACCIDENTAL HOSPITALIZATION EXPENSES
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover you, if you are Hospitalized for a minimum period of 24
hours on the advice of a Doctor/ Medical Practitioner because of Accidental Bodily Injury sustained during the
Policy Period, then we will pay the In-patient Treatment - Medical Expenses for the below listed items up to the
Sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule, subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and exclusions
of the Policy.
• Room rent, boarding expenses
• Nursing
• Intensive care unit
• Consultation fees
• Anesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre charges, surgical appliances
• Medicines, drugs and consumables,
• Diagnostic procedures,
• The Cost of prosthetic and other devices or equipment if implanted internally during a Surgical Procedure.
• Physiotherapy expenses as recommended by the treating Doctor
Day Care Procedure Coverage:
 Waiver of 24hours hospitalization would be considered under Accidental Hospitalization Expenses for the
surgeries/procedures due to technological advancement provided such procedures comply with the standard
definition of Day Care Centre and Day Care treatment mentioned in the Policy definitions. The Pre and Post
Hospitalisation expenses payable under day care procedure shall include expenses incurred on Physiotherapy
also.
 If the claim under Accidental Hospitalization Expenses (including day care procedure) due to your Accident is
accepted, then we will also pay below expenses:
i. Pre Hospitalization
 If we have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim under Accidental Hospitalization Expenses then
we will also reimburse the Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before you were
hospitalized for Accidental Bodily Injury, provided that such Medical Expenses were incurred for the same
injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required.
ii. Post-Hospitalization
 If we have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim under Accidental Hospitalization Expenses then
we will also reimburse the Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after you were
discharged post Hospitalization provided that, such costs are incurred in respect of the same injury for
which the earlier Hospitalization was required.
Specific Exclusion Applicable to Accidental Hospitalization Cover:
1. Any Hospitalization for an existing disability from a previous Accident which has occurred prior to the first
inception of this Policy.
2. Any stay in Hospital for an Injury due to Accident without undertaking any treatment.
3. Any Hospitalization for Accidental Injury aggravated by an existing disability or pre-existing illness /
condition / injury.
4. Any Hospitalization due to an Accidental Injury where the treatment is undertaken by a family member
and self medication or any treatment that is not scientifically recognized.
5. Vaccination and inoculation of any kind unless forming part of treatment for Injury due to an Accident as
prescribed by the Medical Practitioner.
6. Vitamins and tonics unless forming part of treatment for Injury due to an Accident as prescribed by the
Medical Practitioner.
7. Aesthetic treatment, cosmetic surgery and plastic surgery unless necessitated due to Accident or as a part
of any Injury.
8. Treatment taken from persons not registered as Medical Practitioners under respective Medical Councils. .
9. Any other medical or surgical treatment except as may be necessary solely as a result Injury.
10. Any treatment taken outside India.
11. Whilst engaged in adventure sports, unless specifically covered under the base policy.
12. Dental treatment or surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and
also requiring hospitalization.
13. Experimental, unproven or non-standard treatment.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER II: ADVENTURE SPORTS BENEFIT
 Coverage under this section is extended subject to Death and / or Permanent Total Disability is opted under
base cover
 Global Personal Guard Policy excludes Death or Permanent Total Disability caused by accidental bodily injury
whilst engaged in Adventure sports (Please refer General Exclusion no 4, 7 and 8 under General Exclusions).
However, on payment of additional premium, you can opt for the Adventure Sports Benefit optional cover which
shall provide you with a benefit amount in case of Death or Permanent Total Disability caused by accidental
bodily injury whilst engaged in adventure sports in a non-professional capacity and under the supervision of a
trained professional.
 For availing the cover, you should have opted for Section I Death and/or Section II Permanent Total Disability
sections under the base covers. You can extend this optional cover to Section I Death or Section II Permanent
Total Disability or under both the sections.
 However, the Sum Insured for this cover shall be limited to 25%, 50% and 100% of the Sum Insured of Section I:
Death or Section II Permanent Total Disability subject to a maximum of ` 1 crore. You will have to exercise your
option of the Sum Insured and the base covers to which the Adventure Sports Benefit optional cover shall be
extended at the inception of the policy
 It may be clarified in the event of Death or Permanent Total Disability claim under the policy due to accidental
injury whilst engaged in Adventure sports, the Company’s liability shall be limited only to the Sum Insured
mentioned in the schedule for the Death and/or Permanent Total Disability against the Adventure Sports Benefit
optional cover.
Example of sum insured eligibility under Adventure Sports Benefit
Example for sum insured eligibility
Example 1
Mr. ABC has taken 50 lacs Sum Insured under Accidental Death Cover and 50 lacs
Sum Insured under Permanent Total Disability, his eligible sum insured under
Adventure Sports Benefit cover would be as below
Base Cover Base Sum
Insured
% of base sum insured maximum ` 1 crore
Minimum 25% 50% Maximum 100%
Death 5000000 1250000 2500000 5000000
Permanent Total Disability 5000000 1250000 2500000 5000000
Example for Maximum sum insured eligibility
Example 2 Mr. ABC has taken 2 Crore Sum Insured under Accidental Death Cover his eligible
sum insured under Adventure Sports Benefit cover would be as below
Base Cover Base Sum
Insured
% of base sum insured maximum ` 1 crore
minimum 25% 50% maximum 100%
Death 20000000 5000000 10000000 Maximum sum insured
available-10000000
Example of Claim Payment under Adventure Sports Benefit
Example-1
Mr. ABC had 25 lacs Sum Insured under Accidental Death Cover and 25 lacs Sum Insured under Permanent Total
Disability and has opted 25% sum Insured under Adventure Sports Cover under Death cover, In event of claim for
Death during adventure sports, 625000 INR would be payable.
Covers Death
(Base Sum
Insured)
Eligible sum insured -
insured Opts for Death
under Adventure Sports
benefit (25% of base sum
insured)
Claim Amount
Payable in case of
Death if Adventures Sports benefit
not opted
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death due
to Adventures
Sports
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death other
than Adventures
Sports
Sum Insured 2500000 625000 0 625000 2500000
Example-2
Mr. ABC has 1.5 Crore Sum Insured under Accidental Death Cover and 1 Crore Sum Insured under Permanent
Total Disability and taken 100% sum Insured under Adventure Sports Cover under Death and Permanent Total
Disability cover, In event of claim for Death during adventure sports, 10000000 INR would be payable.
Covers Death
(Base Sum
Insured)
Eligible sum insured if
insured Opts for Death
under Adventure Sports
benefit (100% of base
sum insured or ` 1 Crore
maximum)
Claim Amount
Payable in case of
Death if Adventures Sports benefit
not opted
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death due
to Adventures
Sports
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death other
than Adventures
Sports
Sum Insured 15000000 10000000 0 10000000 15000000
Example-3
Mr. ABC has 25 lacs Sum Insured under Accidental Death Cover and 25 lacs Sum Insured under Permanent Total
Disability and taken 100% sum Insured under Adventure Sports Cover under Permanent Total Disability cover, in
case of Death during Adventure Sports Cover the amount payable will be as below
Covers Death
(Base Sum
Insured)
Permanent
Total Disability
(Base Sum
Insured)
Eligible sum insured if
insured Opts for Permanent
Total Disability under
Adventure Sports benefit
(100% of base sum insured)
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death due
to Adventures
Sports
Claim Amount
Payable in case
of Death not due
to Adventures
Sports
Sum Insured 2500000 2500000 2500000 0* 2500000
* - As the sum insured under Death during Adventure Sports Benefit is not opted, no amount shall be payable
under Death due to Adventures Sports


For the purpose of illustration the Adventure Sports Benefit is extended for the below listed sports, please note that
this is an indicative list only:
• Sky Sports
 Bungee Jumping, Bridge Swinging, Zip Lining, Zip Trekking
• Mountain Sports
 Rock Climbing, Rock Scrambling, Rappelling, Via Ferrata, Fell Running, Fell Walking, Gorge Walking, Indoor
Rock Climbing, Mountain Biking, Mountaineering
• Water Sports
 Body Boarding, Scuba Diving, Shark Diving, Swimming with Dolphins, Diving with Whales, Wakeboarding,
Surfing
• Racing Sports:
 Auto (car) racing, Motor rallying, Motorcycle racing, Air racing, Kart racing, Boat racing, Hovercraft racing,
Lawn mower racing, Snowmobile racing, Truck racing
Specific Exclusion Applicable to Adventure Sports Benefit
 No benefit shall be payable under this optional cover in the event of accidental bodily injury sustained whilst
engaged in adventure sports activity resulting in Permanent Partial Disability or Temporary Total Disability.
Risk Classification
 Your risk classification for Adventure sports shall depend upon your risk classification under the base policy
which is based upon your primary occupation.
For Example:
i. If your primary occupation is that of a Doctor, you shall be classified as Risk Category I in the base policy, you
shall be classified as Risk Category I for Adventure Sports Benefit Cover also.
ii. If your primary occupation is that of a mechanical Engineer, you shall be classified as Risk Category II in the
base policy, you shall be classified as Risk Category II for Adventure Sports Benefit Cover also.
iii. If your primary occupation is that of an Electrician / Electrical Engineer engaged in electrical installations
with high tension supply, you shall be classified as Risk Category III in the base policy, you shall be classified
as Risk Category III for Adventure Sports Benefit Cover also.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER III: AIR AMBULANCE COVER
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to pay the expenses incurred for ambulance transportation in an
airplane or helicopter for rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the Accident to the
nearest hospital arising within the policy period and due to your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury which directly
and independently of all other causes results in emergency life threatening health conditions. The claim would
be reimbursed up to the actual expenses subject to a maximum sum insured as shown in the policy schedule,
subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
Specific Conditions:
a. Return transportation to your home by air ambulance is excluded.
b. The expenses for Air ambulance transportation are restricted within India Only.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER IV: CHILDREN EDUCATION BENEFIT
Coverage under this section is extended subject to Death and / or Permanent Total Disability is opted under
base cover
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to provide coverage if we have accepted a claim under Section I:
Death or under Section II: Permanent Total Disability, then we will make a onetime payment of sum insured as
specified in policy schedule, towards the cost of education of your dependent children, subject otherwise to all
other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
Specific Conditions:
a. The dependent child/children must be studying at an accredited educational institution on the date you
met with an Accidental Bodily Injury.
b. The age of dependent child or children should not exceed 25 years
c. The Sum Insured mentioned in the Policy Schedule is the total amount payable for all Dependent children
collectively and not per child basis.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER V: COMA DUE TO ACCIDENTAL BODILY INJURY
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury within policy
period which directly and independently of all other causes results in you being in a Hospital in a Comatose
State, within one (1) calendar month from the Date of Accident, then we agree to pay the lump sum benefit as
specified in the policy schedule, subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
Definition of Coma/ Comatose State:
 A state of unconsciousness with no reaction or response to external stimuli or internal needs, this diagnosis must
be supported by evidence of all of the following:
a. No response to external stimuli continuously for at least 96 hours;
b. Life support measures are necessary to sustain life; and
c. Permanent neurological deficit which must be assessed at least 30 days after the onset of the coma.
d. Condition has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner.
Specific Exclusion:
 Coma resulting directly from alcohol or drug abuse or any other disease other than Accidental Bodily Injury is
excluded.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER VI: EMI PAYMENT COVER
 Coverage under this section is extended subject to the Permanent Partial Disability is opted under base
cover
 If You meet with an Accidental Bodily Injury during the Policy Period which directly and independently of all
other causes results in Permanent Partial Disability and it completely prevents you from performing each and
every duty pertaining to your employment or occupation for a minimum period of 1 month. In such an event,
We will pay the amount commensurating with your contribution in EMI of your loan account specified in the
Schedule of this Policy, provided the claim is accepted and paid under your Permanent Partial Disability Section
and subject to a maximum of the Sum Insured as shown under the policy schedule for this Section. We will
stop making payments when We are satisfied that You can engage in Your Occupation again, or when We have
made payments for a maximum period of 3 months beginning from the date You met with the Accidental Bodily
Injury, whichever is earlier, The EMI amount payable under this Section would not include any arrears due to any
reasons whatsoever.
Subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy
◾ OPTIONAL COVER VII: FRACTURE CARE
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury within policy
period which directly and independently of all other causes results in Fracture/s of Bone/s, then we will pay the
percentage shown in the benefit table below applied to the Fracture Care Sum Insured, subject otherwise to all
other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
 For an Accidental Bodily Injury where more than one of the circumstances described in the Benefit Schedule is
met, we will pay the benefit on a cumulative basis provided the liability of the company on a cumulative basis
shall not exceed the sum insured stated against this section.
Fractures and Dislocations Benefit Schedule
Description Percentage of Sum Assured
A) Hip or Pelvis (excluding thigh or coccyx)
 1. Open Fracture of more than one bone 100%
 2. Open Fracture of one bone 50%
 3. Closed Fracture of more than one bone 25%
 4. Closed Fracture one bone 15%
B) Thigh or Lower Leg
 5. Open Fracture of more than one bone 60%
 6. Open Fracture of one bone 45%
 7. Closed Fracture of more than one bone 25%
 8. Closed Fracture one bone 15%
Description Percentage of Sum Assured
C) Elbows, Arm (including wrist but excluding Colles type fractures)
 9. Open Fracture of more than one bone 45%
10. Open Fracture of one bone 35%
11. Closed Fracture of more than one bone 20%
12. Closed Fracture one bone 15%
D) Colles type fracture of the lower arm
13. Open Fracture 25%
14. Closed Fracture 10%
E) Skull
15. Fracture of the skull needing surgical Intervention 60%
16. Fracture of the skull not needing surgical Intervention 20%
F) Shoulder Blade, Rib(s), Knee cap, Sternum, Hand (excluding fingers and wrist), Foot (excluding toes or heel)
17. Open Fracture 30%
18. Closed Fracture 15%
G) Spinal Column (Vertebrae but excluding coccyx)
19. All compression fractures 40%
20. All spinous, transverse process of pedicle fractures 40%
21. Permanent Spinal Cord damage 40%
22. All vertebral fractures 15%
H) Lower Jaw
23. Open Fracture 25%
24. Closed Fracture 10%
I) Cheekbone, Clavicle, Coccyx, Upper Jaw, Nose, Toe(s), Finger(s), Ankle, Heel
25. Open Fracture of more than one bone 15%
26. Open Fracture of one bone 12%
27. Closed Fracture of more than one bone 4%
28. Closed Fracture one bone 2%
J) Dislocations requiring surgery under anesthesia
29. Spine 35%
30. Back (Excluding slipped disc) 35%
31. Hip 25%
32. Knee (Left or right) 20%
33. Wrist (Left or right) 15%
34. Elbow (Left or right) 15%
35. Ankle (Left or right) 10%
36. Shoulder blade (Left or right) 10%
37. Collarbone 10%
38. Fingers (Left or right hand) 5%
39. Toes (Left or right foot) 5%
40. Jaw 5%
K) Internal Injuries
41. Internal injuries resulting in open abdominal or Thoracic Surgery 25%
42. Intracranial hemorrhage and/ or physical brain injury 25%
Note:
“Open Fracture” is a fracture where the broken bone(s) penetrate(s) the skin.
“Closed Fracture” is a fracture where the broken bone(s) do(es) not penetrate the skin


◾ OPTIONAL COVER VIII: HOSPITAL CASH BENEFIT
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury within policy
period which directly and independently of all other causes results in Hospitalization then we will pay per day
benefit amount for the period of Hospitalization as shown in the policy schedule, for a maximum period of 60
days per Policy Period, subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
Specific Exclusion Applicable to Hospital Cash Benefit:
1. Any Hospitalization for an existing disability from a previous Accident which has occurred prior to the first
inception of this Policy.
2. Any stay in Hospital for an Injury due to Accident without undertaking any treatment.
3. Any Hospitalization for Accidental Injury aggravated by an existing disability or pre-existing illness /
condition / injury.
4. Any Hospitalization due to an Accidental Injury where the treatment is undertaken by a family member
and self medication or any treatment that is not scientifically recognized.
5. Vaccination and inoculation of any kind unless forming part of treatment for Injury due to an Accident as
prescribed by the Medical Practitioner.
6. Vitamins and tonics unless forming part of treatment for Injury due to an Accident as prescribed by the
Medical Practitioner.
7. Aesthetic treatment, cosmetic surgery and plastic surgery unless necessitated due to Accident or as a part
of any Injury.
8. Treatment taken from persons not registered as Medical Practitioners under respective Medical Councils. .
9. Any other medical or surgical treatment except as may be necessary solely as a result of Injury.
10. Any treatment taken outside India.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER IX: LOAN PROTECTOR COVER
 Coverage under this section is extended subject to Death and/ or Permanent Total Disability is opted under
base cover
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury during the Policy
Period that results in your Death or Permanent Total Disability within 12 months and the claim is accepted and
paid under Death or Permanent Total Disability Section for you, then we will pay an amount commensurating
with balance outstanding Loan amount of your loan account specified in the Policy Schedule as on the date of
accident, subject to a maximum of the Sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule for this Section, subject
otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy. The outstanding Loan amount would not
include any arrears due to any reasons whatsoever. The claim payable under this optional cover shall be in
addition to the benefit payable under the applicable Base Cover.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER X: LOSS OF INCOME DUE TO DISABILITY FROM ACCIDENT
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury during the Policy
Period which directly and independently of all causes temporarily and completely prevents you from performing
each and every duty pertaining to his employment or occupation, then we will make a weekly payment as per
the weekly benefit amount shown under the heading “Loss of income due to Disability from Accident” in the
Policy schedule, subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and exclusions of the policy.
 We shall make weekly payment/s for the disability period as specified by the treating doctor for a maximum
period of 100 weeks and the maximum weekly benefit payable would be limited to 25% of the monthly income
subject to a minimum of `1,000 per week and maximum of ` 50,000 per week.
Example of Eligibility of Sum Insured:
Example 1
Mr. ABC has monthly income of ` 1 lac in view of loss income due to disability the eligibility of weekly benefit and
total weekly benefit will be as below
Monthly Income
(`)
25% of monthly income
(`)
Eligible-Weekly Benefit -25% of
Monthly Income (`)
Total Eligibility (Max
100 weeks) (`)
100000 25000 25000 2500000
Example of Eligibility of Maximum Sum Insured
Example 2
Mr. ABC has monthly income of ` 3 lacs, in view of loss income due to disability the eligibility of weekly benefit
and total weekly benefit will be as below
Monthly Income
(`)
25% of monthly income
(`)
Eligible-Weekly Benefit -25% of
Monthly Income or maximum up to
` 50000/-
Total Eligibility (Max
100 weeks) (`)
300000 75000 50000 5000000
Example of Eligibility of Minimum Sum Insured
Example 3
Mr. ABC has monthly income of ` 3000/-, in view of loss income due to disability the eligibility of weekly benefit
and total weekly benefit will be as below
Monthly Income
(`)
25% of monthly income
(`)
Eligible-Weekly Benefit -25% of
Monthly Income or minimum
`1000/-
Total Eligibility (Max
100 weeks) (`)
3000 750 1000 100000
Specific conditions
a. The bodily injury sustained should be detectable by means of clinical examination and or radiological
scanning or imaging ;
b. Injuries to the spine, the ligamentous system, cartilage and nervous system and blood supply to the spine
should be detectable by means of radiological scanning or imaging or neurological fallout testing;
c. If the bodily injury sustained is not detectable by means of clinical examination or radiological scanning
and imaging or neurological fallout testing , then we shall not be liable in respect of you for any claim under
this cover
d. We will stop making payments when we are satisfied that you can engage in your occupation again, or
when we have made payments for a maximum period of 100 weeks from the date you met with the
Accidental Bodily Injury, whichever is earlier;
e. In case the temporary total disablement is for a period less than a week, the benefit payable shall be
calculated on proportionate basis in relation to the weekly benefit.
f. In the event of a dispute arising with regards to the duration of Temporary total disability, the duration shall
be finally determined by a physician mutually appointed by both the parties, who certifies the final date
upon which the insured person recovered and fit to perform each and every duty pertaining to his / her
employment or occupation.
◾ OPTIONAL COVER XI: ROAD AMBULANCE COVER
The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover the following:
a. If due to an Accidental Bodily Injury sustained by the Insured Person during the Policy Period, the Insured
Person has been transferred to the nearest hospital from the spot of Accident by an ambulance service
offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider, we will reimburse the actual expenses incurred for
ambulance services.
b. We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance
service provider for transferring you from the Hospital where he/ she was admitted initially to another
hospital with higher medical facilities provided that: the treating doctor recommends the transfer of the
Insured Person to a higher medical centre for further treatment.
 Provided that the maximum amount payable by us in respect of (a) and (b) together or singly shall not exceed
the Sum Insured as shown in the policy schedule, subject otherwise to all other terms, conditions and Exclusions
of the Policy.
Specific Conditions:
a. Expenses for Road ambulance transportation are restricted within India Only.
b. Return transportation to the Insured’s home by ambulance is excluded
◾ OPTIONAL COVER XII: TRAVEL EXPENSES BENEFIT
 Coverage under this section is extended subject to Accidental Hospitalization is opted under optional cover’s
 The Global Personal Guard Policy is extended to cover your sustained Accidental Bodily Injury within the policy
period which directly and independently of all other causes results in you being in a Hospital which is outside
the City/town of his/her usual place of residence as specified on the policy schedule, then we will reimburse the
travel expenses of a Family Member maximum up to the sum insured shown in the policy schedule, as below:
a. The actual cost of economy class transportation by the most direct route via a common carrier subject to
the maximum Sum Insured as specified on the policy schedule against this cover , subject otherwise to all
other terms, conditions and Exclusions of the Policy.
 For the purpose of this cover, carrier Cover shall means any civilian land or water conveyance or Scheduled
Aircraft in each case operated under a valid license for the transportation of passengers for hire.
b. For this purpose, family member shall mean spouse, parent, Children above age of 18 years, sibling and in
laws of the insured.
c. The claim would be triggered under this section provided we have paid the claim for accidental
Hospitalization for the insured person
◼ GENERAL EXCLUSIONS APPLICABLE TO ALL COVERS (INCLUDING OPTIONAL COVERS)
 We will not be liable to make any payment under this Policy under any circumstances, for any claim directly or
indirectly attributable to, or based on, or arising out of, or connected with any of the following:
1. Any Pre-existing Condition(s) and complications arising out of or resulting therefrom;
2. Through suicide, attempted suicide (whether sane and insane) or intentionally self-inflicted injury or
illness,
3. Mental or nervous disorder , anxiety , stress or depression,
4. Whilst engaging in Adventure Sports unless specifically insured,
5. While under the influence of liquor or drugs , alcohol or other intoxicants,
6. Through deliberate or intentional, unlawful or criminal act, error, or omission, participation in an actual or
attempted felony , riot , crime , misdemeanour , civil commotion,
7. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into, dismounting from or traveling in any
balloon or aircraft other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed standard type
of aircraft anywhere in the world
8. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during motor racing or trial
runs
9. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you carry out or have carried out on your body,
10. Arising out of your participation in any police ,naval, military or air force operations whether peace or in war
in the form of military exercises or war games or actual engagement with the enemy, Whether foreign or
domestic,
11. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged legal liability.
12. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases,
13. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune
Deficiency Syndrome) and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused,
14. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications arising out of any of these,
15. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or
nationalization or requisition of or damage by or under the order of any government or public local
authority,
16. Ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from
burning nuclear fuel,
17. The radioactive, toxic, explosive or other dangerous properties of any explosive nuclear equipment or any
part of that equipment,
18. Operating or learning to operate any aircraft, or performing duties as a member of the crew on any aircraft;
or Scheduled Airlines;
19. Any claim caused by osteoporosis (porosity and brittleness of the bones due to loss of protein from the
bones matrix) or pathological fracture (any fracture in an area where pre-existing Disease has caused the
weakening of the bone) if osteoporosis or bone Disease diagnosed prior to the Policy Effective Date,
20. No benefit would be paid under this policy, unless the nature & extent of injury is established medically
with appropriate investigation reports & certified by the treating doctor
21. While engaged in hazardous activity unless specifically insured
22. Expenses incurred on neck belts, wrist bandages, walking sticks, abdomen belts, CPAP and any other
similar external aid /devices, the use of which has been necessitated following an accident.
◼ WHO CAN BE COVERED UNDER THE POLICY?
Self, Spouse, dependent children and dependent parents can be covered under this policy.
◼ WHAT IS THE ENTRY AGE?
Entry age for Proposer and Spouse / Dependent Parents is 18 Years to 70 Years
Entry age for Dependent Children is 3 Months to 25 Years
◼ WHAT IS RENEWAL AGE?
1. Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy except on the grounds
of fraud, misrepresentation or moral hazard.
2. However no Renewal of contract will be permissible in the event of admissible claim and settlement under
Coverage of Death or Permanent Total Disability.
◼ LIST OF DOCUMENTS TO BE COLLECTED AT THE TIME OF NEW BUSINESS:
• Completely filled & signed proposal form
• 3 years IT ` / Form 16 & Pan card (In case for the proposals with Sum Insured more than 50 Lacs)
◼ ELIGIBILITY OF SUM INSURED
i. For Salaried and Self Employed Persons
Coverage Details Eligibility
Death Maximum 100 times of Gross Monthly Income
Permanent Total Disability Maximum 60 times of Gross Monthly Income
Permanent Partial Disability Maximum 60 times of Gross Monthly Income
Loss of Income due to Disability from
Accident
Maximum benefit would be 25% of Monthly Income
(Nearest & highest weekly benefit would be considered)
ii. Coverage details for Dependent Family Members-
• The Coverage for Dependent Children under any of the Base Covers - Death, Permanent Total Disability and
Permanent Partial Disability should be restricted to 25% of Sum Insured of proposer subject to maximum of
`10 Lacs
• The Coverage for Dependent Spouse and Parents under any of the Base Covers - Death, Permanent Total
Disability and Permanent Partial Disability should be restricted to 50% of Sum Insured of proposer subject
to maximum of ` 25 Lacs
• The Coverage for Dependent Spouse and Parents under Loss of Income due to Disability from Accident will
be restricted to `2000/ week, Loss of Income cover is not available for Dependent Child/Children.
iii. If the proposer is unemployed and has no income, he/ she will not be eligible for Global Personal Guard
Policy
iv. For daily wage workers - the policy would be issued on declared monthly income (sum of daily income).
Note:
• This product will be available to family members, but Sum insured will be on individual basis.
• Base cover sum Insured and Optional Cover sum insured are independently dealt with in case of claims
registered under respective covers.
• In case long term policy is purchased, the Sum Insured for both base covers and optional covers will be on annual
basis. In any case no sum insured /unutilised sum insured can be brought forwarded to the future years of the
long term policy.
• The Policy will be issued on the income declaration by the Proposer. Income proofs will be called for Sum Insured
exceeding `50 lakhs.
◼ WHAT IS THE POLICY PERIOD?
The policy can be opted for 1 year, 2 years & 3 years
◼ WHAT ARE THE TERMS OF RENEWAL?
1. The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, moral hazard or misrepresentation or noncooperation by the insured.
2. In case of our own renewal, a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as
continuous. However, any accident/ injury contracted during the break period will be not be admissible under
the policy.
3. For dependent children, Policy is renewable up to 25 years. After the completion of maximum renewal age
of dependent children, the policy would be renewed for lifetime, Subject to Separate proposal form to be
submitted to us at the time of renewal with the insured member as proposer and subsequently the policy should
be renewed with us annually and within the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry. Suitable credit of
continuity/waiting periods for all the previous policy years would be extended in the new policy, provided the
policy has been maintained without a break.
4. Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent continuation of cover are subject to change with prior approval
from IRDA.
5. The loadings on renewals shall be in terms of increase or decrease in premiums offered for the entire portfolio
and shall not be based on any individual policy claim experience.
 Note: The cover for You shall terminate immediately in the event of admissible claim and settlement of 100%
Sum Insured under Coverage Death or Permanent Total Disability and no Renewal of contract will be permissible.
◼ HOW DO I CANCEL MY POLICY?
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy
year, provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the
insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then
expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund
of premium for cancellations on these grounds.
◼ WHAT IS CUMULATIVE BONUS: (APPLICABLE FOR DEATH, PERMANENT TOTAL DISABILITY, PERMANENT
PARTIAL DISABILITY COVERS)
1. If You renew Your Global Personal Guard Policy with Us without any break in the Policy Period and there has been
no claim in the preceding year, then We will increase the Limit of benefit by 10% of Sum Assured per annum as
Cumulative Bonus. In case long term policy is purchased, the cumulative bonus applicable to base covers will
automatically be increased by 10% after the completion of every Policy year, in case of no claim is lodged under
base covers.
2. The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of benefit will be limited to 5 years and 50% of Sum Assured.
3. In event of a claim under Permanent Partial Disability, the cumulative bonus would be decreased by 10%.
4. In case of claim is lodged under optional covers only- cumulative bonus will be allowed for increase by 10% after
the completion of every policy year since cumulative bonus is applicable for base covers only.
5. This clause does not alter the annual character of this insurance or Our right to decline to renew or to cancel the
Policy.
◼ WHAT IS FREE LOOK PERIOD
 You have a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the first policy document to review the terms and
conditions of this Policy. If You have any objections to any of the terms and conditions, You have the option of
cancelling the Policy stating the reasons for cancellation.
 If you have not made any claim during the Free look period, you shall be entitled to refund of premium subject
to,
1. a deduction of the expenses incurred by Us on Your medical examination, stamp duty charges and if the risk has
not commenced
2. If the risk has commenced the stamp duty charges, medical examination charges & proportionate risk premium
for period on cover would be deducted.
3. Where only a part of risk has commenced, such proportionate risk premium commensurate with the risk
covered during such period.
Free Look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
◼ REVISION/ MODIFICATION OF THE POLICY:
 In case of revision or modification or coverages and/or premiums of this product at any time in future of terms
with appropriate approval from IRDA we will inform you at least 3 months prior to the date of such revision/
modification comes into the effect.
◼ MIGRATION OF POLICY:
• You can opt for migration of policy to our other similar or closely similar products at the time of renewal.
• The premium will be charged as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, and all the guidelines,
terms and condition of the chosen product shall be applicable.
• Suitable credit of continuity/waiting periods for all the previous policy years would be extended in the new
policy, provided the policy has been maintained without a break
◼ WHAT ARE THE PORTABILITY CONDITIONS?
Retail Policies:
 As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers who were
holding similar retail Personal Accident Insurance Policy of other non-life insurers/ health insurers.
Group Policies:
 As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers who were
insured under a Group Personal Accident Insurance Policy of Bajaj Allianz and are availing Personal Accident
Insurance Policy of Bajaj Allianz. However, such benefits shall be applicable only in the event of discontinuation/
non-renewal of the Group Personal Accident Insurance Policy (applicable for both employer-employee
relationships and non-employer-employee relationships) and/or the particular customer leaving the group
on account of resignation/ retirement (applicable for employer-employee relationships) or termination of
relationship with the Group Administrator (applicable for non-employer-employee relationships).
Portability Guidelines (Other Company Renewals):
1. Complete set of documents should be in-warded minimum 45 days prior to the Risk Expiry date.
2. All Portable Cases to be referred to Bajaj Allianz Head office (Health Administration Team) for Under
Writing.
3. All the applicable benefits shall be passed on lower of expiring Sum insured or opted sum insured, to
customers who were holding similar retail personal accident policies, of other non-life insurers.
4. In case of enhancement of SI the continuity would be given on the expiring Sum Insured & Cumulative
Bonus
5. If the previous policy has earned Cumulative Bonus and the insured has opted for higher Sum Insured in
our policy then the Cumulative Bonus will be passed on the expiring Policy Sum Insured.
6. List of Documents
• New proposal form


• Renewal Notice along with the claim history
• Portability Annexure
• All the previous policy copies
• Age proof ( 45 & above)
• Any other document if requested
• All the relevant documents in case of any positive declaration
◼ WITHDRAWAL OF POLICY
 In case withdrawal of this product at any time in future with appropriate approval from IRDA, as We reserve Our
right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an event of withdrawal
of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among Our available similar
and closely similar Personal accident Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be
charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, as approved by IRDA.
 Provided however, if You do not respond to Our intimation regarding the withdrawal of the product under
which this Policy is issued, then this Policy shall be withdrawn and shall not be available to You for renewal
on the renewal date and accordingly upon Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You shall have to take a Policy
under available new products of Us subject to Your paying the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such
available new product chosen by You and also subject to Portability condition.
◼ NOMINATION
 The insured person is mandatorily required at the inception of the Policy to make a nomination for the purpose
of payment of claims under the policy in the event of death of insured person. Any change of nomination shall
be communicated to the company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on
the policy is made.
◼ WHAT IS THE PROCEDURE FOR CHANGE IN COVERAGE / SUM INSURED ENHANCEMENT
 Addition / deletion of base cover or optional cover(s) is not allowed during midterm of the policy. It can be done
only at the time of renewal of the policy by submitting fresh proposal form.
 The Insured member can apply for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of renewal of the Policy by
submitting fresh proposal form and income proof along with the renewal notice and subject to specific approval
and acceptance by the Company.
 No Midterm enhancement will be allowed.
List of Documents to be collected for SI enhancement:
o Completely filled proposal form with renewal notice
o In case of any accidental injury/deformity all related documents supporting the accidental injury and disability
certificate in case of disability
o In Case for the proposals with SI more than 50 Lacs -3 yrs IT ` / Form 16 and Pan card
◼ WHAT WOULD BE THE PROCESS IN CASE OF A CLAIM?
◽ CASHLESS CLAIMS PROCEDURE:
 Applicable only for Accidental Hospitalization Expenses Optional Cover
 Cashless treatment is only available at Network Hospitals. In order to avail of cashless treatment, the following
procedure must be followed by You:
a. Prior to taking treatment and/or incurring Medical Expenses for any Accidental Injury, at a Network Hospital,
the Insured Person must call Us and request pre-authorization by way of the written form which the Company
will provide. Waiver of this condition shall be considered in case of emergency hospitalisation arising out of
accidental bodily injury.
b. After considering the Insured’s request and after obtaining any further information or documentation the
Company have sought, the Company may if satisfied send to the Insured Person or the Network Hospital, an
authorization letter. The authorization letter, the ID card issued to the Insured along with this Policy and any
other information or documentation that the Company have specified must be produced to the Network
Hospital identified in the pre-authorization letter at the time of Insured’s admission to the same.


c. If the procedure above is followed, the Insured Person will not be required to directly pay for the Medical Expenses
raised out of Accidental Bodily Injury, in the Network Hospital that the Company is liable to indemnify under
Accidental Hospitalization Expenses Section and the original bills and evidence of treatment in respect of the
same shall be left with the Network Hospital. Pre-authorization does not guarantee that all costs and expenses
will be covered. We reserve the right to review each claim for Medical Expenses and accordingly coverage will be
determined according to the terms and conditions of this Policy. Insured Person shall, in any event, be required
to settle all other expenses directly.
List of Claims Document (Specific to Accidental Hospitalisation Expenses Optional cover)
• Duly completed pre authorization signed by the Claimant
• Other documents as may be required by the Company to process the claim
• Aaadhar card & PAN card Copies (Not mandatory if the same is linked with the policy while issuance or in previous claim)
◼ REIMBURSEMENT CLAIM PROCEDURE OF ALL SECTIONS
 If you meet with any Accidental Bodily Injury that may result in a claim, then as a condition precedent to our
liability:
a. You or someone claiming on your behalf must inform us in writing immediately and in any event within 30 days
from the date of the accident and submit all documents to us within 30 days from the date of intimation.
b. You must immediately consult a Doctor and follow the advice and treatment that he recommends.
c. You must take reasonable steps to lessen the consequence of Bodily injury.
d. You should allow examination by our medical advisors if we ask for this.
e. You or someone claiming on your behalf must promptly give us documentation and other information we ask
for to investigate the claim or our obligation to make payment for it.
f. In case of your death, someone claiming on your behalf must inform us in writing immediately and send us a
copy of the post mortem report (if conducted) within 30 days.
 *Note: Waiver of conditions (a) and (f) may be considered in extreme cases of hardship where it is proved to
Our satisfaction that under the circumstances in which the Insured Person was placed, it was not possible for the
Insured Person or any other person claiming on his/her behalf to give notice or file claim within the prescribed
time limit.
◼ DOCUMENT LIST
Please refer the policy wordings for detail list of documents required as per the sections opted
◼ ALL DOCUMENTS RELATED TO CLAIMS SHOULD BE SUBMITTED TO:
Health Administration Team
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd
2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building
Viman Nagar, Pune 411014
Toll Free no: 1800 209 5858
◼ PAYING A CLAIM
a. You agree that We shall only make payment when You or someone claiming on Your behalf has provided Us with
necessary documentation and information.
b. We will make payment to Assignee/Partial Assignee/Conditional Assignee, as the case may be, (as per the
provisions of Section 38 of Insurance Amendment Act 2015) or in the absence of assignee to You or Your
Nominee. If there is no Assignee or Nominee and You are incapacitated or deceased, We will pay Your heir,
executor or validly appointed legal representative and any payment We make in this way will be a complete and
final discharge of Our liability to make payment.
c. On receipt of all the documents and on being satisfied with regard to the admissibility of the claim as per policy
terms and conditions, we shall offer within a period of 30 days settlement of the claim to the insured. Upon
acceptance of an offer of settlement by the insured, the payment of the amount due shall be made within 7 days
from the date of acceptance of the offer by the insured. In the cases of delay in the payment, the insurer shall be
liable to pay interest at a rate which is 2% above the bank rate prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in
which the claim is reviewed by it.
d. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation, the Company will initiate and complete
such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary
document. In such cases, the Company will settle the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company will be liable to pay interest at a
rate which is 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment
of claim
e. If We, for any reasons decide to reject the claim under the policy the reasons regarding the rejection shall be
communicated to You in writing within 30 days of the receipt of documents. You may take recourse to the
Grievance Redressal procedure stated under the Policy.
◼ What are the Sum Insured Options & Premiums under the Policy?
◽ The premium differs in case of different risk levels determined by your occupation:
◾ Risk Classes:
Risk Class I:
 Person engaged in administrative or managing functions, accountant, doctor, lawyer, architect, consulting
engineer, teacher, and banker or primarily engaged in a similar occupation
Risk Class II:
 Person engaged in manual labor, garage or motor mechanic, machine operator, paid driver of a car, a truck, a
lorry or other heavy vehicles, cash carrying employee, wood working machinist or a builder – contractor and
engineer in superintending functions, veterinary doctor, or engaged in a similar occupation.
Risk Class III:
 Person working in underground mines, in explosive magazines or in electrical installations with high tension
supply, or insured is a jockey, circus personnel, engaged in racing in wheels or horseback, big game hunting,
mountaineering, winter sports, skiing, ice hockey, river rafting, polo, or in similar activity or occupation.
◽ Sum Insured and Premium details
◾ Premiums are exclusive of GST
Base Cover Rates:
Rate per 1000 Sum Insured
 Risk Class Death Minimum Sum Insured: ` 50000, Maximum
Sum Insured: - ` 25 Crore.
Permanent Total Disability Minimum Sum Insured: ` 50000, Maximum Sum Insured: - ` 25 Crore.
Permanent Partial Disability
Minimum Sum Insured:
` 50000, Maximum Sum
Insured: - ` 25 Crore.
Risk Class I 0.43 0.05 0.07
Risk Class II 0.69 0.17 0.19
Risk Class III 1.04 0.26 0.29
 *Insured can opt for any sum insured (in multiples of `1000) under the base covers within the range of Minimum
Sum Insured and Maximum Sum Insured based on Insured’s eligibility. Sum Insured will be rounded off to the
nearest 1000.
For Example:
Example 1
Monthly Income
(in`)
Maximum Eligibility for Death
(Monthly income*100) (in`)
Rounding off sum insured (in`)
Eligible sum insured (in multiples of 1000) (in`)
25119 2511900 2512000 50000 to 2512000
Example 2
Monthly Income Maximum Eligibility of PTD or
PPD Sum Insured (Monthly
income*60)
Rounding off sum
insured
Eligible sum insured (in multiples of 1000)
25119 1507140 1507000 50000 to 1507000
◽ Optional Cover Premium & Sum Insured Table
◾ Premiums are exclusive of GST
Accidental Hospitalization Expenses
Sum
Insured
2 lacs 3 lacs 4 lacs 5 lacs 6 lacs 7 lacs 8 lacs 9 lacs 10
lacs
11
lacs
12
lacs
13
lacs
Premium 441 509 628 695 729 763 794 821 848 875 902 930
Sum
Insured
14
lacs
15
lacs
16
lacs
17
lacs
18
lacs
19
lacs
20
lacs
21
lacs
22
lacs
23
lacs
24
lacs
25
lacs
Premium 957 984 1011 1038 1065 1092 1120 1147 1174 1201 1228 1255
Adventure Sports Benefit Sum Insured Restricted to 25% /50%/100% of Death and/or Permanent Total Disability
Sum Insured subject to Maximum of 1 Crore
Rate for 25% Rate for 50% Rate for 100%
Cover Death Permanent
Total Disability
Death Permanent
Total Disability
Death Permanent
Total Disability
Risk Class I 0.43 0.05 0.86 0.1 1.72 0.2
Risk Class II 0.69 0.17 1.38 0.34 2.76 0.68
Risk Class III 1.04 0.26 2.08 0.52 4.16 1.04
Air Ambulance Cover
Sum Insured 5 lacs 10 lacs 15 lacs 20 lacs 25 lacs
Premium 65 130 195 260 325
Children Education Benefit
Sum Insured 1lac 2lacs 3lacs 4lacs 5lacs 6lacs 7lacs 8lacs 9lacs 10lacs
Premium for Risk Class I 48 96 144 192 240 288 336 384 432 480
Premium for Risk Class II 86 172 258 344 430 516 602 688 774 860
Premium for Risk Class III 130 260 390 520 650 780 910 1040 1170 1300
Coma Due to Accidental Bodily Injury
Sum Insured 1lac 2lacs 3lacs 4lacs 5lacs 6lacs 7lacs 8lacs 9lacs 10lacs
Premium 26 52 78 104 130 156 182 208 234 260
EMI Payment Cover (For 3 EMI)
Sum Insured 50000 75000 100000 200000 300000 400000 500000
Premium for Risk
Class I (in ` ) 3.5 5.25 7 14 21 28 35
Premium for Risk
Class II (in ` ) 9.5 14.25 19 38 57 76 95
Premium for Risk
Class III (in ` ) 14.5 21.75 29 58 87 116 145
Fracture Care
Sum Insured 50000 75000 100000 200000 300000 400000 500000
Premium 173 260 347 694 1041 1388 1735
Hospital Cash Benefit - Per day benefit maximum for 60 days in a policy period
Per Day Benefit (in `) 1000 2,000 3,000 4,000 5,000 6,000 7,000 8,000 9,000 10,000
Premium 204 408 612 816 1020 1224 1428 1632 1836 2040
Loan Protector Cover
Risk Class (Rate per `1000 Sum Insured) Minimum `1 Lac, in multiples of `1 Lac, Maximum up
to 5 Crores
Risk Class I 0.48
Risk Class II 0.86
Risk Class III 1.3
Loss of Income due to Disability from Accident
Rate for weekly benefit of `1000 for 100 weeks Minimum weekly benefit of `1000 to maximum weekly
benefit of `50000 , in Multiples of `1000
Risk Class I 99
Risk Class II 106
Risk Class III NA
Road Ambulance Cover Travel Expenses Benefit
Sum Insured 25,000 25,000
Premium 55 71


Notes:
1. Minimum Premium for individual policy is INR 200 exclusive of GST
2. Above Premium/Rates are for 1 Year Policy Term.
3. Premium for 2 yrs and 3 yrs Policy Term = (Annual Premium * Policy term in years) – Long Term Policy Discount
Example for multiple year Policy premium calculation:
Details: Mr. XYZ has opted for Death cover of `5lacs, his occupation is manager in
a Finance Company
Death cover of ` 500000
for Risk Class I
Base Premium for 1 year 215
Base Premium for 2 years 430
Long Term Policy Discount @ 4% 17
Net Premium after Long Term Policy Discount @4% 413
Base Premium for 3 years 645
Long Term Policy Discount @ 8% 52
Net Premium after Long Term Policy Discount @8 % 593
Premiums are exclusive of GST
◼ WHAT ARE THE DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE ON THE POLICY?
• Family Discount :
a) 10 % family discount shall be offered if 2 or more dependent family members are covered under a single
policy.
b) The family discount will be offered for both new policies as well as for renewal policies
• Long Term Policy Discount:
a) 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
b) 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
• Employee Discount:
 20 % Discount applicable for policies issued to employees of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited &
its group companies
 (Note: Online/Direct Customer Discount is not applicable to Employees)
• Online Discount/Direct Customer Discount:
 10% discount is extended for the policies purchased online/ through website and to direct customers.
 (Note: Employee Discount is not applicable to Online/Direct Customers)
◼ HOW DO I BUY THIS POLICY?
1. Discuss the policy benefits, coverage and premium details with your insurance advisor or visit our website
(www.bajajallianz.com) for details
2. Actively seek information on the charges and exclusions under the policy
3. Fill the proposal form stating your personal details and health profile
4. Ensure that the information given in the form is complete and accurate
5. In case of the portability, please contact us, 45 days prior to the risk expiry date of the previous health / Perosonal
accident insurance policy.
6. The Policy document will be sent to your mailing address mentioned on the proposal form
◼ CONTACT
HEALTH ADMINISTRATION TEAM,
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.
 2nd floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, Behind Weikfield IT Park, Off Nagar Road, Viman Nagar - Pune - 411 014.
Call :
BSNL: 1800- 209- 5858
TATA: 1800- 22- 5858
BHARTI: 1800- 102- 5858
OTHER: 020-30305858
 Cashless facility offered through network hospitals of Bajaj Allianz only. Cashless facility at 5000+
Network hospitals PAN India.
 Please visit our website for list of network hospitals and network Diagnostic Centers , Website: www.
bajajallianz.com or get in touch with 24*7 helpline number: 1800-103-2529 (toll free) / 020-30305858
Grievance Redressed Cell for Senior Citizens
 Senior Citizen Cell for Insured Person who are Senior Citizens
 ‘Good things come with time’ and so for our customers who are above 60 years of age we have created special
cell to address any health insurance related query. Our senior citizen customers can reach us through the below
dedicated channels to enable us to service them promptly
Health toll free number: 1800-103-2529
 Exclusive Email address: seniorcitizen@bajajallianz.co.in
◼ SECTION 41 OF INSURANCE ACT 1938 AS AMENDED BY INSURANCE LAWS AMENDMENT ACT, 2015
(PROHIBITION OF REBATES)
 No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take
out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any
rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy,
nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as
may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person making
default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10
lakh rupees.
 Disclaimer: The above information is only indicative in nature and for more details on the coverage,
terms and exclusions, please get in touch with nearest office of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd