With individuals traveling frequently or working across national boundaries, the need for an effective
health insurance solution for local and global health care is imperative. Bajaj Allianz Global Health Care is a
comprehensive health insurance for planned or emergency medical treatment outside India as well as within
India.
What are the Plans available under Global Health Care?
There are two plans available. Each plan covers Domestic and International Medical Expenses
What are the Sum Insured options available under the policy?
Imperial Plan
Domestic Cover & International Cover
Imperial Plus Plan
Domestic Cover & International Cover
Sum Insured Imperial Plan Imperial Plus Plan
Domestic Limit INR 3,750,000 INR 5,600,000 INR 7,500,000 INR 11,200,000 INR 18,750,000 INR 37,500,000
(Within India)
International Limit USD 100,000 USD 150,000 USD 200,000 USD 300,000 USD 500,000 USD 1,000,000
4
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
What is the entry age?
• Proposer /Spouse / Parents/Sister/ Brother/Parents-in-law/ Aunt/ Uncle 18 Yrs to 65 Yrs
• Dependent Children: 3 months – 30 Yrs
What is the renewal age?
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy, except on the grounds of your
moral hazard, misrepresentation, non- cooperation or fraud.
(Subject to policy is renewed annually with us within the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry).
What is the Policy Period?
Policy can be taken for 1 year only
What is premium paying term?
• Annual premium payment.
• Premium can also be paid on instalment basis- Half yearly, Quarterly or Monthly
Is this an individual policy / floater policy?
This is an Individual Sum Insured policy
Eligibility
Indian Nationals residing in India
Benefits under the Policy
Scope of cover:
The Company hereby agrees to pay Reasonable and Customary expenses in respect of an admissible claim, for
any or all of the following covers subject to the Sum Insured, limits, Deductibles, terms, conditions and definitions,
exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy.
5
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
PART A
COVERAGE
I. IN-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR DOMESTIC COVER
1. In-patient Hospitalization Treatment
 If You are advised Hospitalization within India by a Medical Practitioner as defined under Policy because of Illness
or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and
Customary Medical Expenses incurred subject to
i. Room rent and Boarding expenses as provided by the Hospital/Nursing Home without any sub limit
ii. If admitted in ICU, the Company will pay up to actual ICU expenses provided by Hospital.
iii. Nursing Expenses as provided by the Hospital
iv. Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialists Fees.
v. Anesthesia, Blood, Oxygen, Operation Theatre Charges, surgical appliances,
vi. Dialysis, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, Physiotherapy
vii. Medicines & Drugs
viii. Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic
implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents.
ix. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X-ray and such similar expenses that are medically necessary prescribed by the
treating Medical Practitioner.
x. Emergency Inpatient Hospitalization for Dental Treatment arising from an Accident
Domestic Covers
6
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
2. Pre-Hospitalization
 The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such
Medical Expenses were incurred for the same Illness/Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and
We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
3. Post-Hospitalization
 The Medical Expenses incurred during the 180 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization
provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness/Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was
required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
4. Local (Road) Ambulance
 We will pay the reasonable cost, specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare
or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate Emergency facilities for the
provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity.
 We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service
provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher
medical facilities.
Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when:
i. Such life threatening Emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and
ii. We have accepted Your Claim under “In-patient Hospitalization Treatment” or “Day Care Procedures” section of the
Policy.
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exclusions of the Policy.
5. Day Care Procedures
 We will pay You the medical expenses as listed under In-patient Hospitalization Treatment for Day care procedures
/ Surgeries taken as an Inpatient in a Hospital or Day Care Centre but not in the outpatient department. List of Day
Care Procedures is as given in the Annexure I of Policy wordings.
6. Living Donor Medical Costs
 We will pay expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, towards organ donor’s treatment for
harvesting of the donated organ, provided that,
1. The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with THE
TRANSPLANTATION OF HUMAN ORGANS (AMENDMENT) BILL, 2011and the organ donated is for the use of the
Insured, and
2. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment
7
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
7. Annual Preventive Health Check-up
 After each renewal of Global Health Care Policy with Us, You will be entitled for an Annual Preventive Health Checkup. We will reimburse the amount as per the limits specified in the Policy Schedule.
 You may approach Us for the arrangement of the Health Check up. For the avoidance of doubt, We shall not be
liable for any other ancillary or peripheral costs or expenses (including but not limited to those for transportation,
accommodation or sustenance).
 Contact Email id- healthcheck@bajajallianz.co.in.
 Note: Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum Insured mentioned in Policy Schedule.
8. AYUSH Hospitalization Expenses
 If You are Hospitalized for not less than 24 hrs, in an AYUSH Hospital which is a government Hospital or in any
institute recognized by government and/or accredited by Quality Council of India/National Accreditation Board on
Health on the advice of a Medical Practitioner because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted
during the Policy Period then We will pay You:
 In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for AYUSH treatment:
• Room rent, boarding expenses
• Nursing care
• Consultation fees
• Medicines, drugs and Medical consumables,
• AYUSH procedures
 Our maximum liability is up to In-patient Hospitalization Sum Insured.
 The claim will be admissible under the Policy provided that, the Illness/Injury requires Inpatient admission and the
procedure performed on the Insured cannot be carried out on out-patient basis.
9. Air Ambulance
 We will pay for ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency life threatening health
conditions which require immediate and rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the
Illness /Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim would be reimbursed up to the limits specified in the Policy
Schedule provided that We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization
Treatment..
 Return transportation to the client’s home by air ambulance is excluded.
8
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
10. Mental Illness Treatment
 We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for In-patient treatment of Mental Illness (as specified under
Annexure IV of Policy Wordings), provided this treatment is availed in a recognized psychiatric unit of a Hospital, up
to Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule.
 The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:
a. Mental Illness Treatment is only covered where patient is diagnosed and treated by a psychiatrist, clinical
psychologist or licensed psychotherapist.
b. The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary Treatment.
c. All day-care or Inpatient admissions must include prescription medication related to the condition.
d. The treatment should be taken in Mental Health Establishment either wholly or partly meant for the care of persons
with mental Illness, where persons with mental Illness are admitted for treatment.
11. Rehabilitation
 Rehabilitation is defined as a set of interventions designed to optimize functioning and reduce disability in
individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. It aims to restore original form or function
after an acute Illness, Injury or surgery.
 Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy.
 We will pay You up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for the cost of In-patient Rehabilitation provided
a. it is carried out by a Medical Practitioner specializing in rehabilitation; and
b. it is carried out in a licensed rehabilitation Hospital or unit;
c. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment and
rehabilitation starts within 14 days of discharge from Hospital following acute medical and/or surgical treatment
d. the treatment could not be carried out on an out-patient basis
12. Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies
 We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for the Modern Treatment Methods as mentioned in Annexure
III subject to the Sum Insured, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this
Policy.
9
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
I. IN-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER
1. In-patient Hospitalization Treatment
If You are advised Hospitalization by a Medical Practitioner as defined under Policy because of Illness or Accidental
Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and Customary
Medical Expenses incurred subject to
i. Room rent and Boarding expenses up to a Single Private Air Conditioned Room
ii. If admitted in ICU, the Company will pay up to actual ICU expenses provided by Hospital.
iii. Nursing Expenses as provided by the Hospital
iv. Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Therapist, Specialists Fees.
v. Anesthesia, Blood, Oxygen, Operation Theatre Charges, surgical appliances,
vi. Dialysis, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, Physiotherapy
vii. Prescription drugs and materials
viii. Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic
implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents.
ix. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X-ray, and other Radiology tests and such similar expenses that are medically
necessary prescribed by the treating Medical Practitioner.
x. Emergency Inpatient Hospitalization for Dental Treatment arising from an Accident
PART B
COVERAGE
International Covers
10
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, Deductibles, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions
contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy.
The Deductible is Optional and the amount will apply as specified in the Policy Schedule, if opted.
2. Pre-Hospitalization
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 45 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such
Medical Expenses were incurred for the same Illness/Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and
We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.).
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
3. Post-Hospitalization
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization
provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness/Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was
required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment. .
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
4. Local (Road) Ambulance
We will pay the reasonable cost, specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare
or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate Emergency facilities for the
provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity.
We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service
provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher
medical facilities.
Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when:
i. Such life threatening Emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and
ii. We have accepted Your Claim under “In-patient Hospitalization Treatment” or “Day Care Procedures” section of the
Policy.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
11
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
5. Day Care Procedures
We will pay You the medical expenses as listed under In-patient Hospitalization Treatment for Day Care Procedures
/ Surgeries taken as an Inpatient in a Hospital or Day Care Centre but not in the outpatient department. List of Day
Care Procedures is as given in the annexure I of Policy wordings.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
6. Living Donor Medical Costs
We will pay expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, towards organ donor’s treatment for
harvesting of the donated organ, provided that,
a. The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with the local
regulation and the organ donated is for the use of the Insured, and
b. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In-patient Hospitalization treatment.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
7. Air Ambulance (Applicable to Imperial Plan only)
We will pay for ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency life threatening health
conditions which require immediate and rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the
Illness/Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim would be reimbursed up to the limits as specified in the Policy
Schedule provided that We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization
Treatment.
Return transportation to the client’s home by any mode of transport is excluded.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. To avail this service, You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301. From this
point onwards, We will organize and coordinate for the Air Ambulance until You arrive safely at Your destination of
care. If ambulance services are not organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline all costs incurred.
8. Medical Evacuation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
If You contract any Illness/ sustain any Injury which necessitates Emergency Hospitalization, We will pay reasonable
and customary expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, for Your Medical Evacuation to the nearest
appropriate medical centre (which may or may not be in Your home country) by ambulance, helicopter or airplane
provided that:
12
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
a. The medical evacuation should be requested by Your Doctor, and will be carried out in the most economical way that
is appropriate to Your medical condition
b. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
c. adequately screened blood is unavailable in an Emergency
d. necessary treatment is not available locally
If You can’t travel for medical reasons following discharge from an Inpatient episode of care, We will cover the
reasonable cost of hotel accommodation in a private en-suite room for up to seven days.
If You are evacuated to the nearest appropriate medical centre for ongoing treatment, We will cover the reasonable
cost of hotel accommodation in a private en-suite room. This cost must be more economical than the cost of a series
of journeys between the nearest appropriate medical centre and Your principal country of residence.
Following completion of treatment, We will also cover the cost of Your return trip (i.e. one way ticket) at economy
rates to Your principal country of residence.
Exclusions:
a. costs for hotel suites, four or five-star hotel accommodation or hotel accommodation for an accompanying person
b. travel costs for accompanying person
c. travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation
Where adequately screened blood is not available locally, We will, where appropriate, try to locate and transport
screened blood and sterile transfusion equipment, if this is advised by the treating Doctor and Our own medical
experts. We and Our agents accept no liability if We are unsuccessful or if contaminated blood or equipment is used
by the treating authority.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301 at the first indication that You
need an evacuation. From this point onwards, We will organize and coordinate the evacuation until You arrive safely
at Your destination of care. If evacuation services are not organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline all costs
incurred.
9. Mental Illness Treatment
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for In-patient treatment of Mental Illness (as specified under
Annexure IV of Policy Wordings), provided this treatment is availed in a recognized psychiatric unit of a Hospital, up
to Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule.
13
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:
a. Mental illness Treatment is only covered where patient is diagnosed and treated by a psychiatrist, clinical
psychologist or licensed psychotherapist.
b. The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary Treatment.
c. All day-care or Inpatient admissions must include prescription medication related to the condition.
d. The treatment should be taken in Mental Health Establishment either wholly or partly meant for the care of persons
with mental Illness, where persons with mental Illness are admitted for treatment.
10. Rehabilitation
Rehabilitation is defined as a set of interventions designed to optimize functioning and reduce disability in
individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. It aims to restore original form or function
after an acute Illness, Injury or surgery.
Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy.
We will pay You up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for the cost of In-patient Rehabilitation provided
a. it is carried out by a Medical Practitioner specializing in rehabilitation; and
b. it is carried out in a licensed rehabilitation Hospital or unit;
c. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment and
rehabilitation starts within 14 days of discharge from Hospital following acute medical and/or surgical treatment
d. the treatment could not be carried out on an out-patient basis
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
11. Accommodation costs for one parent staying in Hospital with an Insured child under 18 years of age
(Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
We will pay for reasonable accommodation costs of one parent for the duration of the Insured child’s admission
to Hospital for eligible treatment under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment, up to the limit specified in the Policy
Schedule. If a suitable bed is not available in the Hospital, We will contribute the equivalent of the daily room rate in a
three-star hotel towards any hotel costs incurred.
This benefit would be applicable for the duration of Hospitalization of the Insured child.
The Policy will not cover sundry expenses such as meals, phone calls or newspapers.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
14
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
12. Emergency treatment outside area of cover (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only if “Excluding USA” cover is
opted)
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred for
treatment of medical emergencies which occur during business or holiday trips outside Your area of cover. Cover is
provided for up to six weeks per trip within the Sum Insured limit. It includes treatment required due to an Accident
or the sudden beginning or worsening of a severe Illness which presents an immediate threat to Your health.
Treatment by a Doctor must start within 24 hours of the Emergency event.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
13. Medical repatriation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
If the necessary treatment for which You are covered isn’t available locally You can choose to be medically evacuated
to Your home country for treatment, instead of to the nearest appropriate medical centre. This only applies when
Your home country is within Your geographical area of cover. Following completion of treatment, We will also cover
the cost of Your return trip (i.e. one way ticket) at economy rates, to the country from where you were repatriated..
The return journey must take place within one month after treatment has been completed.
If You contract any Illness/ sustain any Injury which necessitates Hospitalization, We will pay reasonable and
customary expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, if You choose to be medically repatriated to
Your home country for treatment, instead of to the nearest appropriate medical centre, provided that:
a. Your home country is within Your geographical area of cover
b. Where ongoing treatment is required, We will cover hotel accommodation costs
c. Repatriation in the event of unavailability of adequately screened blood
If medical necessity prevents an immediate return trip following discharge from an Inpatient episode of care, We will
cover the reasonable cost of hotel accommodation costs up to seven days.
Exclusions:
a. travel costs for accompanying person
b. travel costs of Insured family members in the event of repatriation
c. travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301 at the first indication that
repatriation is required. From this point onwards We will organise and coordinate all stages of the repatriation until
You arrive safely at Your destination of care. If the repatriation is not organised by Us, We reserve the right to decline
all costs incurred.
15
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
14. Repatriation of mortal remains (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
Repatriation of mortal remains is the transportation of the Insured deceased remains from the principal country
of residence to the country of burial. We cover costs such as: embalming, a container legally appropriate for
transportation, shipping and the necessary government authorisations. Cremation costs will only be covered if the
cremation is required for legal purposes. We do not cover costs incurred by anyone accompanying the remains.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. To avail this service, You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301. From this
point onwards, We will organize and coordinate for the Repatriation of Mortal remains. If these services are not
organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline all costs incurred.
15. In-patient cash benefit (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
We will pay Daily Cash Benefit as specified in the Policy Schedule for maximum 25 nights when You receive Inpatient
treatment free of charge for a medical condition that is covered by Us.
This benefit is payable after You are discharged from Hospital.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
16. Palliative care (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
We will pay the Reasonable and Customary expenses incurred, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, on
diagnosis of a Terminal Illness, for any ongoing treatment, given on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, that aims to
alleviate the physical/psychological suffering associated with progressive, incurable Illness and to maintain quality
of life. It includes Inpatient, day-care and out-patient treatment. We will pay for physical care, psychological care,
Hospital or hospice accommodation, nursing care and prescription drugs.
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or
otherwise expressed in this Policy.
17. Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for the Modern Treatment Methods as mentioned in Annexure
III subject to the Sum Insured, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this
Policy
16
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
II. OUT-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER (Applicable to
Imperial Plus Plan only)
1. Out-patient Treatment
If You consult a consultant/Medical Practitioner on Outpatient basis for the Illness/ Injury contracted during the
Policy Period, We will pay You Out Patient expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for
a. Medical Practitioner fees
b. Specialist fees
c. Diagnostic tests
d. Prescription drugs
2. Physiotherapy Benefit
We will pay the expenses incurred towards Prescribed Physiotherapy taken on Out-patient basis for Illness/Injury
contracted during the Policy Period, maximum up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, provided that,
a. The treatment is referred by a Doctor or prescribed by a Specialist consultant for Muskulo- skeletal /Neurological
diseases / Injuries or other Systemic diseases
b. The treatment should be carried out by a registered physiotherapist in a Hospital or a clinic as defined under the
Policy
c. Physiotherapy is initially restricted to 12 sessions per condition, after which treatment must be reviewed by the
Doctor who referred You. If You need further sessions, You must send Us a new progress report after every set of 12
sessions, indicating the medical necessity for more treatment.
3. Alternate/Complementary Treatment Expenses
If You consult a therapist on Outpatient basis for the Illness/ Injury contracted during the Policy Period, We will pay
You Out Patient expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for Alternate treatment methods namely
chiropractic treatment, osteopathy, Chinese herbal medicine, homeopathy, acupuncture and podiatry as practised
by approved therapists.
III. DENTAL PLAN BENEFITS (Optional)
In consideration of payment of additional premium by the Insured to the Company and realization thereof by the
Company, it is hereby agreed and declared that Global Health Care Policy is extended to pay the expenses incurred
for the below mentioned Dental related covers with a mandatory Co-Payment of 20% on each and every claim,
subject to terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule.
17
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
1. Dental treatment outside India
 We will pay Customary and Reasonable expenses up to the limits specifies in the Policy Schedule incurred for Dental
Treatment which includes annual check-up, simple fillings related to cavities or decay, root canal treatment and
dental prescription drugs.
2. Dental surgery outside India
 We will pay Customary and Reasonable expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule incurred for Dental
Surgery which includes the surgical extraction of teeth, as well as other tooth-related surgical procedures such
as apicoectomy, Surgical removal of cysts, Orthognathic surgeries for the correction of malocclusion and dental
prescription drugs. All investigative procedures that establish the need for dental surgery such as laboratory tests,
X-rays, CT scans and MRI(s) are included under this benefit.
3. Periodontics outside India
 We will pay Customary and Reasonable expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule incurred for
treatment related to gum disease.
 Is there any pre-policy check-up for enrolling under Global Health Care
policy?
 Pre-policy Medical Examination criteria for new Proposals
• Medical tests would be advised for the below adverse health conditions:
Diabetes
Hypertension
Lipid Disorders
Combination of any of the above
Obesity
Joint Disorders-Vital health test+ relevant x-rays & orthopedic doctor’s opinion
• Tests may be advised for other health conditions, based on the severity of disease, clinical condition of the member,
treatment taken and investigation reports for the condition
• The pre-policy check-up would be arranged at our empanelled diagnostic centers.
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of medical examination.
• If pre-policy check-up would be conducted in our paneled diagnostic center, 100% of the standard medical tests
charges would be reimbursed, subject to acceptance of proposal and policy issuance.
18
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
• Pre-policy medical tests will be required as per the table mentioned below
Domestic
Sum Insured
INR 3,750,000
INR 5,600,000
INR 7,500,000
INR 11,200,000
INR 18,750,000
INR 37,500,000
International
Sum Insured
$1,00,000
$1,50,000
$2,00,000
$3,00,000
$5,00,000
$1,000,000
18 to 50 years
No medicals subject
to no adverse health
conditions
Full Medical Report, ECG with reporting, FBG, CBC WITH ESR , Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol, Triglycerides, Creatinine, GGTP, SGOT, SGPT, HbA1c, Urinalysis, Total Protein, Sr.
Albumin, Sr. Globulin, A:G Ratio + USG*
51 to 65 years Full Medical Report, ECG with reporting, FBG, CBC WITH ESR , Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol, Triglycerides, Creatinine, GGTP, SGOT, SGPT, HbA1c, Urinalysis, Total Protein, Sr. Albumin, Sr. Globulin, A:G Ratio + USG*
 * USG Abdomen and Pelvis
Table of Benefits
Domestic Cover
COVER IMPERIAL PLAN IMPERIAL PLUS PLAN
In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Limits INR
3,750,000
INR
5,600,000
INR
7,500,000
INR
11,200,000
INR
18,750,000
INR
37,500,000
In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Up to Sum Insured
Hospital accommodation (Room rent and ICU) At Actual
Pre-hospitalization 60 days
Post-hospitalization 180 days
Local (Road) Ambulance Up to Sum Insured
Day Care Procedures Up to Sum Insured
Living Donor Medical Costs INR 500,000
Annual Preventive Health Check-up (only offered
at renewal)
INR 5,000
AYUSH Hospitalization Expenses Up to Sum Insured
Air Ambulance INR
500,000
 INR
675,000
 INR
750,000
INR
750,000
INR
750,000
INR
750,000
Mental Illness Treatment (In-patient) Up to Sum Insured
Rehabilitation INR 50,000
 *The total Sum Insured payable under all covers will not exceed the In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Limits
19
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
International Cover
COVER IMPERIAL PLAN IMPERIAL PLUS PLAN
In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Limits USD
100,000
USD
150,000
USD
200,000
USD
300,000
USD
500,000
USD
1,000,000
Deductible options 0 / USD 500 / USD 1,000(on annual aggregate basis)
In-patient benefits
Hospital accommodation (Room rent) Single Private Air Conditioned Room
Hospital accommodation (ICU) At Actual
Pre-hospitalization 45 days
Post-hospitalization 90 days
Local (Road) Ambulance Up to Sum Insured
Day Care Procedures Up to Sum Insured
Living donor medical costs USD 30,000 USD 50,000
Air Ambulance* USD 7,500 NA NA NA
Air Ambulance + Medical Evacuation* NA Up to
In-patient
Sum
Insured
Up to
In-patient
Sum
Insured
Up to
In-patient
Sum
Insured
Mental Illness Treatment (In-patient) Up To Sum Insured
Rehabilitation USD 750 USD 2,300
Accommodation costs for one parent
staying in Hospital with an Insured child
under 18 years of age
NA Up to Sum Insured
Emergency treatment outside area of cover NA Up to Sum Insured for maximum 6
Weeks per trip
Medical repatriation* NA Up to Sum Insured
Repatriation of mortal remains* NA USD 13,500
Inpatient cash Benefit NA USD 175 Per night up to max 25 nights
Palliative care NA Up to Sum Insured
Note: The total Sum Insured payable under all the above covers will not exceed the In-patient Hospitalization Treatment Limits
*The covers will be on cashless basis only.
20
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
Out-patient benefits
COVER IMPERIAL PLAN IMPERIAL PLUS PLAN
Maximum out-patient plan benefit for international treatments only
NA
USD 1,600 USD 2,400 USD 4,200
Out-patient Treatment (Medical Practitioner fees
Specialist fees Diagnostic tests Prescription
drugs)
Note: Excluding out-patient Dental Treatment
Covered
up to USD
1,000
Covered
up to USD
1,500
Covered
up to USD
2,500
Physiotherapy Benefit USD 300 USD 450 USD 850
Alternate/Complementary Treatment
Expenses (Chiropractic treatment, osteopathy,
homeopathy, Chinese herbal medicine,
acupuncture and podiatry)
USD 300 USD 450 USD 850
Dental plan benefits (optional)
COVER IMPERIAL PLAN IMPERIAL PLUS PLAN
Maximum dental plan benefit for international
treatments only (with 20% co-payment) USD 350 USD 450 USD 600 USD 2,300
Premium Payment in Instalments (Wherever applicable)
 If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Annual (for long term polices
only), Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy Schedule/Certificate of Insurance, the following
Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy)
 The grace period of fifteen days (where premium is paid on a monthly instalments) and thirty days (where premium is
paid in quarterly/half-yearly/annual instalments) is available on the premium due date, to pay the premium.
 If the policy is renewed during grace period, all the credits (sum insured, No Claim Bonus, Specific Waiting periods,
waiting periods for pre-existing diseases, Moratorium period etc.) accrued under the policy shall be protected.
 If the premium is paid in instalments during the policy period, coverage will be available for the grace period also.
 The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the “Waiting Periods”, “Specific Waiting
Periods” in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
 No interest will be charged If the instalment premium is not paid on due date.
 In case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get cancelled.
 In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable.
 The company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due under the
policy.
21
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
 Renewal of Policy
 The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on misrepresentation by the insured person, grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation by the insured person.
i. The Company shall endeavour to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give any
notice for renewal.
ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the preceding
policy years.
iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the policy
period.
iv. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days to
maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace period.
v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience
Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has
been made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance
coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of
premium.
22
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
When can I enhance my Sum Insured?
i. The Insured can apply for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of renewal. You can apply for enhancement of
Sum Insured by submitting a fresh proposal form to the Company.
ii. The acceptance of enhancement of Sum Insured would be at the discretion of the Company, based on the health
condition of the Insured(s) & claim history of the Policy.
iii. All waiting periods as defined in the Policy shall apply for this enhanced Sum Insured limit from the effective date of
enhancement of such Sum Insured considering such Policy Period as the first Policy with the Company.
Free Look Period
 The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the
time of porting/migrating the policy.
 The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days from date of receipt of the policy document to review
the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
 If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to
i. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured
person and the stamp duty charges or
ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the insured person, a
deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with the
insurance coverage during such period.
Portability Conditions
 The Insured beneficiary will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port
the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than 60 days
from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently covered and
has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health
insurer, the proposed Insured beneficiary will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI
guidelines on portability.
 For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
23
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy including the Premium Rates
The Company, with prior approval of lRDAl, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium
rates. The insured person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected.
Migration of policy
The Insured beneficiary will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance products/plans offered
by the company by applying for migration of the policy at least 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI
guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses
under any health insurance product/plan offered by the company, the Insured beneficiary will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration. For Detailed Guidelines on migration,
kindly refer the link https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Withdrawal of Policy
i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about the
same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the
time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period as per
IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break
Discounts
i. Employee Discount: 20% discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz & its group companies,
this discount is applicable only if the Policy is booked in direct code.
ii. Online/Direct Business Discount: Discount of 5% will be offered in this product for policies underwritten through
direct/online channel.
Note: this discount is not applicable for Employees who get employee discount
iii. Family Discount: 5% family discount shall be offered if 2 or more eligible Family Members are covered under a single
Policy.
iv. Voluntary Deductible: The customer can opt for aggregate deductible on International Inpatient Benefits and avail
discount as below.
Deductible IMPERIAL PLAN IMPERIAL PLUS PLAN
USD 500 5% 4%
USD 1000 9% 6%
24
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
Cumulative Bonus (For Domestic Cover only):
If You renew Your Global Health Care Policy with Us without any break and there has been no claim in the preceding
year, We will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 20% of Domestic Cover’s base Sum Insured per annum, but:
i. The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of Indemnity will be limited to 100% of Domestic Cover’s base Sum
Insured.
ii. This clause does not alter the annual character of this insurance or Our right to decline to renew or to cancel the
Policy, under the circumstances described in cancellation clause stated under the Policy
iii. If a claim is made in any year where a cumulative increase has been applied, then the increased Limit of Indemnity
in the Policy Period of the subsequent Global Health Care Policy shall be reduced by 20%, save that the limit of
indemnity applicable shall be preserved.
What are the exclusions under the policy?
STANDARD EXCLUSIONS- DOMESTIC COVER
1. Pre-Existing Diseases (Code -Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-Existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until
the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global Health Care Policy with
Us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the Portability norms of the extant IRDAI
(Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any Pre-Existing Disease is subject to the same being
declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Code - Excl02)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry
of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global Health Care Policy with Us. This
exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an Accident.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then the
longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted
without a specific exclusion.
25
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
e. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
f. List of specific diseases/procedures is as below
1. Any type gastrointestinal ulcers 2. Cataracts,
3. Any type of fistula 4. Macular Degeneration
5. Benign prostatic hypertrophy 6. Hernia of all types
7. All types of sinuses 8. Fissure in ano
9. Haemorrhoids, piles 10. Hydrocele
11. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding 12. Fibromyoma
13. Endometriosis 14. Hysterectomy
15. Uterine Prolapse 16. Stones in the urinary and biliary systems
17. Surgery on ears/tonsils/ adenoids/ paranasal sinuses
18. Surgery on all internal or external tumours/ cysts/ n odules/
polyps of any kind including breast lumps with exception of
Malignant tumor or growth
20. Pancreatitis 21. All forms of Cirrhosis
22. Gout and rheumatism 23. Tonsilitis
24. Surgery for varicose veins and varicose ulcers 25. Chronic Kidney Disease
26. Alzheimer’s Disease 27. Joint replacement surgery
28. Surgery for vertebral column disorders (unless necessitated due to an Accident) 29. Surgery to correct deviated nasal septum
30. Hypertrophied turbinate 31. Congenital internal diseases or anomalies
32. Treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive
error recommended by Ophthalmologist for medical
reasons with refractive error greater or equal to 7.5
33. Bariatric Surgery
34. Parkinson’s Disease 35. Genetic disorders
3. 30-day waiting period (Code - Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall be
excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher
Sum Insured subsequently.
26
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
4. Investigation & Evaluation (Code- Excl04)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded.
b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.
5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code -Excl05)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
b. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such
as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
c. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.
6. Obesity/Weight Control (Code- Excl06)
a. Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
b. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
c. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
d. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
e. Body Mass Index (BMI);
i. greater than or equal to 40 or
ii. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less
invasive methods of weight loss:
f. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
g. Coronary heart disease
h. Severe Sleep Apnea
i. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
7. Change-of-gender treatments (Code- Excl07)
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of
the opposite sex.
8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code- Excl08)
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following
an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of Medically Necessary Treatment to remove a direct and immediate
health risk to the Insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical
Practitioner.
27
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
9. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code -Excl09)
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure
sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing
or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.
10. Breach of law (Code -Excl10)
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit a
breach of law with criminal intent.
11. Excluded Providers (Code -Excl11)
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically
excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in
case of life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but
not the complete claim.
12. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code
-Excl12)
13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered
as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic
reasons. (Code -Excl13)
14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to
Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical Practitioner as part of Hospitalization
claim or Day Care Treatment. (Code -Excl14)
15. Refractive Error (Code -Excl15)
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
16. Unproven Treatments (Code -Excl16)
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
Unproven Treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support
their effectiveness.
28
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
17. Sterility and Infertility (Code -Excl17)
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
a. Any type of contraception, sterilization
b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF,
ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
c. Gestational Surrogacy
d. Reversal of sterilization
18. Maternity (Code -Excl18)
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections
incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the
Policy Period.
SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS- DOMESTIC COVER
We do not cover the following expenses unless indicated otherwise in the Table of Benefits or in any written Policy
endorsement
1. Any Dental Treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants,
orthodontics, surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring
Hospitalization unless specified .
2. Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and does not require supervision of qualified nursing staff
and qualified Medical Practitioner round the clock
3. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, commotion, unrest,
rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or
damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of Terrorism will be covered under the Policy.
4. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external
appliances and/or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic
devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements,
vascular stents etc.
5. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (allopathy and AYUSH therapies)
6. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post Hospitalization care including cost of instrument used
in the treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and
Oxygen concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition.
29
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
7. Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies, growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or surgery
except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions.
8. Intentional self-Injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
9. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part
of treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitioner.
10. All non-medical Items as per Annexure II.
11. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily Injury.
12. Treatment for any medical conditions arising directly or indirectly from chemical contamination, radioactivity or any
nuclear material, including the combustion of nuclear fuel.
13. Alternate/ Complementary treatment, with the exception of those treatments shown in the Table of Benefits.
14. Expenses incurred because of complications directly caused by an Illness, Injury or treatment for which cover is
excluded or limited under Your plan.
15. Consultations performed and any drugs or treatments prescribed by You, Your spouse, parents or children.
16. Dental veneers and related procedures, unless medically necessary.
17. Costs in respect of a family therapist or counsellor for out-patient mental illness treatment.
18. Doctor’s fees for the completion of a Claim Form or other administration charges.
19. Care and/or treatment of intentionally caused diseases or self-inflicted injuries, including a suicide attempt.
20. Investigations into and treatment for loss of hair, including hair replacement unless the loss of hair is due to cancer
treatment.
21. Treatment required as a result of medical error.
22. Products that can be purchased without a Doctor’s prescription, except where a specific benefit covering these costs
appears in the Table of Benefits.
23. Treatment of sleep disorders, including insomnia, narcolepsy, snoring and bruxism, except medically necessary
Inpatient treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea.
24 Travel costs to and from medical facilities (including parking costs) for treatment, except when covered under “ Local
(Road) ambulance”, “Medical evacuation” and “Medical repatriation” benefits.
25. Tumour marker testing, except for medically necessary testing during the investigation or treatment of cancer.
26. Medical evacuation/repatriation from a vessel at sea to a medical facility on land.
27. Organ Transplants that involve animal organs or organs which are manufactured using advanced technology like,
but not limited to, 3D Printing. Expenses incurred during the acquisition of an organ relating to stem cell storage and
banking.
28. The following benefits or any adverse consequences or complications relating to them, unless otherwise indicated in
Your Table of Benefits:
30
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
• Dental treatment, dental surgery, periodontics, orthodontics and dental prostheses. The only exception is oral and
maxillofacial surgical procedures, which are covered within the overall limit of Your In-patient Plan
• Dietician fees
• Expenses for one person accompanying an evacuated/repatriated person
• Out-patient treatment
• Prescribed medical aids
• Preventive treatment
• Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation/repatriation
• Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of the repatriation of mortal remains
• Travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died
29. Exclusions applicable to Mental Illness Treatment:-
a. Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition
and consequences thereof. .
b. Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the same and
which is not duly supported by his prescriptions.
c. Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered.
d. For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities are not
covered.
e. Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness.
30. The Standard Exclusion under “Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) (a) Expenses related to any admission
primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only” are excluded even if the same requires confinement at a
Hospital.


STANDARD EXCLUSIONS- INTERNATIONAL COVER
A. Applicable for in-patient benefits for international cover
1. Pre-Existing Diseases (Code-Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-Existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until
the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global Health Care Policy with
Insurer.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI
(Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being
declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer.
31
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Code-Excl02)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry
of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global Health Care Policy with Us. This
exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an Accident.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then the
longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted
without a specific exclusion.
e. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
f. List of specific diseases/procedures is as below
1. Any type gastrointestinal ulcers 2. Cataracts,
3. Any type of fistula 4. Macular Degeneration
5. Benign prostatic hypertrophy 6. Hernia of all types
7. All types of sinuses 8. Fissure in ano
9. Haemorrhoids, piles 10. Hydrocele
11. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding 12. Fibromyoma
13. Endometriosis 14. Hysterectomy
15. Uterine Prolapse 16. Stones in the urinary and biliary systems
17. Surgery on ears/tonsils/ adenoids/ paranasal sinuses
18. Surgery on all internal or external tumours/ cysts/ n odules/
polyps of any kind including breast lumps with exception of
Malignant tumor or growth
20. Pancreatitis 21. All forms of Cirrhosis
22. Gout and rheumatism 23. Tonsilitis
24. Surgery for varicose veins and varicose ulcers 25. Chronic Kidney Disease
26. Alzheimer’s Disease 27. Joint replacement surgery
28. Surgery for vertebral column disorders (unless
necessitated due to an Accident) 29. Surgery to correct deviated nasal septum
30. Hypertrophied turbinate 31. Congenital internal diseases or anomalies
32. Treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive
error recommended by Ophthalmologist for medical
reasons with refractive error greater or equal to 7.5
33. Bariatric Surgery
34. Parkinson’s Disease 35. Genetic disorders
32
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
3. 30-day waiting period (Code-Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall be
excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher
Sum Insured subsequently.
4. Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04)
(a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded .
(b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.
5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code-Excl05)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
b. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such
as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
c. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.
6. Obesity/Weight Control (Code-Excl06)
a. Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
b. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
c. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
d. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
e. Body Mass Index (BMI);
i. greater than or equal to 40 or
ii. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less
invasive methods of weight loss:
f. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
g. Coronary heart disease
h. Severe Sleep Apnea
i. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
33
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
7. Change-of-gender treatments (Code-Excl07)
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of
the opposite sex.
8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code-Excl08)
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following
an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of Medically Necessary Treatment to remove a direct and immediate
health risk to the Insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical
Practitioner.
9. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code-Excl09)
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure
sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing
or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.
10. Breach of law (Code-Excl10)
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit a
breach of law with criminal intent.
11. Excluded Providers (Code-Excl11)
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically
excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in
case of life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but
not the complete claim.
12. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (CodeExcl12)
13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered
as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic
reasons. (Code-Excl13)
14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to
Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical Practitioner as part of Hospitalization
claim or Day Care Procedure. (Code-Excl14)
34
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
15. Refractive Error (Code-Excl15)
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
16. Unproven Treatments (Code-Excl16)
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
Unproven Treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support
their effectiveness.
17. Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl17)
a. Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
b. Any type of contraception, sterilization
c. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF,
ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
d. Gestational Surrogacy
e. Reversal of sterilization
18. Maternity (Code-Excl18):
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections
incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the
Policy Period.
SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS- INTERNATIONAL COVER
We do not cover the following expenses unless indicated otherwise in the Table of Benefits or in any written Policy
endorsement
1. Any Dental Treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants,
orthodontics, surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring
Hospitalization unless specified .
2. Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and does not require supervision of qualified nursing staff
and qualified Medical Practitioner round the clock
3. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, commotion, unrest,
rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or
damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of Terrorism will be covered under the Policy.
35
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
4. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external
appliances and/or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic
devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements,
vascular stents etc.
5. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (allopathy)
6. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post Hospitalization care including cost of instrument used
in the treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and
Oxygen concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition.
7. Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies, growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or surgery
except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions.
8. Intentional self-Injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
9. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part
of treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitioner.
10. All non-medical Items as per Annexure II
11. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily Injury,
12. Treatment for any medical conditions arising directly or indirectly from chemical contamination, radioactivity or any
nuclear material, including the combustion of nuclear fuel.
13. Alternate/Complementary treatment, with the exception of those treatments shown in the Table of Benefits.
14. Expenses incurred because of complications directly caused by an Illness, Injury or treatment for which cover is
excluded or limited under Your plan.
15. Consultations performed and any drugs or treatments prescribed by You, Your spouse, parents or children.
16. Dental veneers and related procedures, unless medically necessary.
17. Costs in respect of a family therapist or counsellor for out-patient mental illness treatment.
18. Doctor’s fees for the completion of a Claim Form or other administration charges.
19. Care and/or treatment of intentionally caused diseases or self-inflicted injuries, including a suicide attempt.
20. Investigations into and treatment for loss of hair, including hair replacement unless the loss of hair is due to cancer
treatment.
21. Treatment required as a result of medical error.
22. Products that can be purchased without a Doctor’s prescription, except where a specific benefit covering these costs
appears in the Table of Benefits.
23. Treatment of sleep disorders, including insomnia, narcolepsy, snoring and bruxism, except medically necessary
Inpatient treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea.
24. Travel costs to and from medical facilities (including parking costs) for treatment, except when covered under “Local
(Road) ambulance”, “Medical evacuation” and “Medical repatriation” benefits.
36
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
25. Treatment in the USA if We believe that cover was taken out with the purpose of travelling to the USA to get
treatment for a condition or symptoms You were aware of:
• before being Insured with Us
• before having the USA in Your region of cover.
If We paid any claims in these circumstances, We reserve the right to seek reimbursement from You.
26. Treatment outside the geographical area of cover unless for emergencies or authorised by Us.
27. Tumour marker testing, except for medically necessary testing during the investigation or treatment of cancer.
28. Medical evacuation/repatriation from a vessel at sea to a medical facility on land.
29. Organ Transplants that involve animal organs or organs which are manufactured using advanced technology like,
but not limited to, 3D Printing. Expenses incurred during the acquisition of an organ relating to stem cell storage and
banking.
30. The following benefits or any adverse consequences or complications relating to them, unless otherwise indicated in
Your Table of Benefits:
• Dental treatment, dental surgery, periodontics, orthodontics and dental prostheses. The only exception is oral and
maxillofacial surgical procedures, which are covered within the overall limit of Your In-patient Plan
• Dietician fees
• Expenses for one person accompanying an evacuated/repatriated person
• Home delivery
• Infertility treatment
• Laser eye treatment.
• Out-patient treatment
• Prescribed glasses and contact lenses including eye examination
• Prescribed medical aids
• Preventive treatment
• Routine maternity, Routine Delivery and newborn care and Complications of childbirth
• Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation/repatriation
• Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of the repatriation of mortal remains
• Travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died
• Vaccinations
31. Air Ambulance + Medical Evacuation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only)
Exclusions:
a. costs for hotel suites, four or five-star hotel accommodation or hotel accommodation for an accompanying person
b. travel costs for accompanying person
c. travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation
37
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
32. Mental Illness Treatment
Exclusions applicable to Mental Illness Treatment:
a. Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition
and consequences thereof. .
b. Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the same and
which is not duly supported by his prescriptions
c. Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered.
d. For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities are not
covered.
e. Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness.
33. Emergency treatment outside area of cover
Exclusions:
Cover is not provided for curative or follow-up non-Emergency treatment, even if You are deemed unable to travel
to a country within Your geographical area of cover. Nor does it extend to charges relating to maternity, pregnancy,
childbirth or any complications of pregnancy or childbirth.
34. Medical repatriation
Exclusions:
a. travel costs for accompanying person
b. travel costs of Insured family members in the event of repatriation
c. travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died
35. Repatriation of mortal remains
Exclusions:
Expense incurred for any person accompanying the remains is not covered.
36. If the international travel is intentionally undertaken with an intention of taking/undergoing medical treatment/
procedure outside India.
37. The Standard Exclusion under “Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) (a) Expenses related to any admission
primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only” are excluded even if the same requires confinement at a
Hospital.
C. Applicable to Part B-II (OUT-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER)
1. Out-patient Treatment
Exclusions:
a. During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims
under out-patient except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period would not be applied
during subsequent renewals.
38
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
b. Out-patient Dental Treatment expenses will not be covered.
2. Alternate/Complementary Treatment
During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims
under Alternate/Complementary Treatment except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting
period would not be applied during subsequent renewals.
3. Physiotherapy Benefit
Exclusion:
a. During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 90 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims
under Physiotherapy Benefit except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period would not be
applied during subsequent renewals
b. Physiotherapy does not include therapies such as Rolfing, massage, Pilates, Fango and Milta.
D. Applicable for dental plan benefits for international cover.
Exclusions:
• During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims
under Dental Plan Benefits except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period would not be
applied during subsequent renewals
• Dental surgery does not cover surgical treatment that relates to dental implants.
• Dental Prostheses, dental implants, orthodontics
How do I Buy this policy?
• Discuss the policy benefits, coverage and premium details with your insurance advisor or visit our website (www.
bajajallianz.com) for details
• Actively seek information on the charges and exclusions under the policy
• Fill the proposal form stating your personal details and health profile
• Ensure that the information given in the form is complete and accurate
• We will process your proposal. Based on the information provided, you may be required to undergo pre-policy
medical examination at our network diagnostic centers. Please note that you will have to pay the necessary amount
for undergoing the specified medical examination and such tests shall be valid for a maximum period of 30days only
• Depending on our evaluation if your proposal is accepted, then we will issue the policy subject to receipt of annual
single premium as published on the prospectus.
39
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
• If the policy is issued we will refund you 100% of the cost of the pre-policy medical examination
• The Policy Schedule, Policy Wordings, Cashless Cards and Health Guide will be sent to your mailing address
mentioned on the proposal form
• Premium (Note: The premiums are in INR and exclusive of GST)
Imperial Plan
Cover Type Worldwide Excluding USA Worldwide Including USA
Domestic SI (in INR) 3,750,000 5,600,000 7,500,000 3,750,000 5,600,000 7,500,000
International SI (in USD) 100,000 150,000 200,000 100,000 150,000 200,000
0-20 years 39,432 50,002 56,827 50,272 64,381 73,487
21-25 years 52,356 66,538 75,663 66,854 85,784 97,958
26-30 years 56,067 71,196 81,068 71,617 91,811 104,984
31-35 Years 57,988 73,710 83,897 74,080 95,066 108,659
36-40 Years 61,048 77,600 88,304 78,007 100,100 114,382
41-45 Years 80,727 102,727 116,946 103,259 132,624 151,598
46-50 Years 112,689 143,459 163,486 144,271 185,342 212,064
51-55 Years 137,315 174,956 199,392 175,868 226,109 258,714
56-60 Years 174,735 222,629 253,744 223,884 287,813 329,333
61-65 Years 230,093 293,403 334,364 294,915 379,421 434,074
66-70 Years 309,332 394,445 449,596 396,593 510,198 583,787
71-75 Years 406,932 519,069 591,710 521,826 671,503 768,429
76 and above 520,698 664,288 757,335 667,800 859,460 983,620
40
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
Imperial Plus Plan
Cover Type Worldwide Excluding USA Worldwide Including USA
Domestic SI (in INR) 11,200,000 18,750,000 37,500,000 11,200,000 18,750,000 37,500,000
International SI (in USD) 300,000 500,000 1,000,000 300,000 500,000 1,000,000
0-20 years 92,301 120,328 171,977 122,353 159,805 229,728
21-25 years 138,456 179,351 252,162 184,566 239,376 338,063
26-30 years 165,827 213,027 293,443 221,980 285,394 394,456
31-35 Years 180,149 230,820 315,498 241,554 309,703 424,586
36-40 Years 186,780 239,636 328,610 250,339 321,400 442,109
41-45 Years 242,871 312,069 429,424 313,161 418,426 577,611
46-50 Years 325,936 434,505 598,771 386,876 541,398 805,449
51-55 Years 372,608 521,104 737,156 448,270 624,366 991,715
56-60 Years 439,272 610,771 964,432 535,683 742,309 1,174,637
61-65 Years 538,008 743,856 1,168,891 665,154 917,374 1,446,222
66-70 Years 679,279 934,065 1,460,846 850,396 1,167,578 1,834,016
71-75 Years 853,370 1,168,636 1,821,182 1,078,675 1,476,139 2,312,645
76 and above 1,056,554 1,442,162 2,240,917 1,345,120 1,835,956 2,870,182
Dental Cover - Imperial Plan
Cover Type Worldwide Excluding USA Worldwide Including USA
Domestic SI (in INR) 3,750,000 5,600,000 7,500,000 3,750,000 5,600,000 7,500,000
International SI (in USD) 100,000 150,000 200,000 100,000 150,000 200,000
Dental Cover SI (in USD) 350 450 600 350 450 600
0-20 years 8,521 9,773 11,189 13,634 15,638 17,902
21-25 years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
26-30 years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
31-35 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
36-40 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
41-45 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
46-50 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
51-55 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
56-60 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
61-65 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
66-70 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
71-75 Years 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
76 and above 21,161 27,206 32,709 21,161 27,206 36,277
41
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
Dental Cover - Imperial Plus Plan
Cover Type Worldwide Excluding USA Worldwide Including USA
Domestic SI (in INR) 11,200,000 18,750,000 37,500,000 11,200,000 18,750,000 37,500,000
International SI (in USD) 300,000 500,000 1,000,000 300,000 500,000 1,000,000
Dental Cover SI (in USD) 2,300 2,300 2,300 2,300 2,300 2,300
0-20 years 16,370 16,370 16,370 26,192 26,192 26,192
21-25 years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
26-30 years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
31-35 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
36-40 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
41-45 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
46-50 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
51-55 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
56-60 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
61-65 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
66-70 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
71-75 Years 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
76 and above 47,856 47,856 47,856 76,568 76,568 76,568
How do I make a claim for Domestic Cover?
Insured
Empanelled
Hospital
Present
Cashless Card
Register Claim with Bajaj Allianz
24 hr helpline*
Non-Empanelled
 Hospital
Insured Makes
Payment Directly
Send Claim Form
+ Bills+ all hospitalization documents
To Bajaj Allianz for reimbursement
42
UIN: BAJHLIP23209V022223
How do I make a claim for International Cover?
Insured
Empanelled
Hospital
Present
Cashless Card
Register Claim with Bajaj Allianz
24 hr helpline*
Non-Empanelled
 Hospital
Insured Makes
Payment Directly
Send Claim Form
+ Bills+ all hospitalization documents
To Bajaj Allianz for reimbursement
1. Download a Treatment Guarantee Form from our website https://www.allianzcare.
com/en.html or call our helpline + 353 1 630 1301
2. Send the completed Treatment Guarantee Form to us at least five working days
before treatment-email /call (72hrs before treatment)
3. We contact your hospital to organize payment of your bills directly (where possible).
4. On receipt of all documents our Medical Team will review the information provided
and issue a Guarantee of Payment to your hospital, authorizing treatment.
1. Get the emergency treatment you need and call us if you need any advice or support.
2. If you are hospitalized, either you, your doctor or one of your dependents needs to
call our Helpline + 353 1 630 1301 (within 48 hours of the emergency) to inform us
of the hospitalization. At this point we will take all of the required details over the
phone.
1. Get the treatment you need and pay the medical provider.
2. Get an invoice from our medical provider (which should state your name, treatment
date(s), the diagnosis/medical condition that you received treatment for, the date of
onset of symptoms, the nature of the treatment and the fees charged.)
3. Claim back your eligible costs via Our MyHealth app or online portal (www.
allianzcare.com/en/myhealth). Simply enter a few key details, add your invoice(s)
and press ‘submit’.
1. Please call the Allianz Care 24 hour Helpline + 353 1 630 1301 and we will take care
of everything.
2. Given the urgency of an evacuation/repatriation, we would advise that you call us,
however, you can also contact us by email medical.services@allianzworldwidecare.
com. When emailing, please include “Urgent – Evacuation/Repatriation” in the
subject line.
Planned
Treatments
Emergency
Treatment
OPD/Dental
Treatment
Evacuations
and
Repatriations
Note: Pre-approval is mandatory for most covers availed outside of India viz-Inpatient, Day-care, Donor expenses, Mental Illness treatment,
Accommodation costs, Palliative Care. In case of no pre-approval is sought the claim will be paid as per reasonable & customary expenses up to
80% of admissible claim amount only.