A Comprehensive Plan with a wide range of benefits,ensuring a cover for maximum expenses related to Illness and Accidents
Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently de-merged from Bajaj
Auto Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability and strength. This joint venture company incorporates
global expertise with local experience. The comprehensive, innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and experience
of Allianz SE, and in-depth market knowledge and good will of Bajaj brand in India. Competitive pricing and quick honest response
have earned the company the customer's trust and market leadership in a very short time.
What is covered under Health Care Supreme Policy?
The policy has two sections
• Medical Expenses Section (Mandatory)
• Add On Benefits section ( Optional)
Medical Expenses section covers the below listed benefits
1. Hospitalisation Expenses
2. Pre Hospitalisation
3. Post Hospitalisation
4. Road Ambulance
5. Air Ambulance
6. Day Care Procedures
7. Out Patient Expenses
8. Organ Donor Expenses
9. Recovery benefit
10. Physiotherapy Expenses
11. Sum Insured Reinstatement Benefit
12. AYUSH treatment Hospitalisation Expenses
13. Maternity Expenses
14. New Born Baby Cover
15. Free Annual Preventive Health Check Up
16. Modern Treatment
Health Care Supreme
Add On Benefits section (Optional) covers below listed benefits
• Ancillary Expenses Benefit
• Personal Accident cover
• Critical Illness cover
Types of policy
• Individual Health Care Supreme policy
• Floater Health Care Supreme policy
• Group Health Care Supreme policy
Coverage details
The hospitalization Sum Insured under Medical Expenses Section covers the below listed expenses
The claim payout under the below headings should not exceed the Hospitalisation Sum Insured.
• Hospitalization expenses
• Pre-hospitalization
• Post hospitalization
• Road ambulance
• Day Care expenses
• AYUSH treatment Hospitalisation Expenses
• Modern Treatment:
Separate Sum Insured has been Specified for the below mentioned section
• Air Ambulance
• Out Patient Expenses
• Organ Donor Expenses
• Recovery benefit
• Physiotherapy Expenses
• Sum Insured Reinstatement Benefit
• Maternity Expenses (and New Born Baby Cover)
Health Care Supreme
Medical expenses section features
1. Hospitalisation Expenses
If You are Hospitalised on the advice of a Doctor because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the
Policy Period, then We will pay You In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for the below listed items up to the Sum Insured as
specified under the policy schedule
In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for
• Room rent, boarding expenses
• Nursing
• Intensive care unit
• Consultation fees
• Anesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre charges, surgical appliances
• Medicines, drugs and consumables
• Diagnostic procedures
• The Cost of prosthetic and other devices or equipment if implanted internally during a Surgical Procedure
2. Pre-Hospitalisation
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before you were Hospitalised, provided that: Such Medical
Expenses were incurred for the same illness/injury for which subsequent Hospitalisation was required, and We have accepted an
inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Hospitalisation expenses.
3 Post-Hospitalisation
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after Youwere discharged post Hospitalisation provided that: Such
costs are incurred in respect of the same illness/injury for which the earlier Hospitalisation was required, and We have accepted
an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Hospitalisation expenses.
4. Road Ambulance
We will reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring
You to the nearest Hospital with adequate emergency facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency,
provided that: We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Hospitalisation expenses.
Health Care Supreme
We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for
transferring You from the Hospital where you were admitted initially to another hospital with higher medical facilities provided
that: We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim under Benefit Hospitalisation expenses
5. Air Ambulance
We will pay for ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for emergency life threatening health conditions which
require immediate and rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the illness /accident to the nearest
hospital. The claim would be reimbursed up to the actual expenses subject to a maximum limit as specified under the Air
Ambulance section in the policy schedule.
Return transportation to the client's home by air ambulance is excluded
6. Day Care Procedures
We will pay you the medical expenses as listed above under Hospitalisation Section for Day care procedures / Surgeries taken as an
inpatient in a hospital or day care centre but not in the outpatient department. Indicative list of Day Care Procedures is given in the
annexure 1 of Policy wordings
7. Out Patient Expenses
If you consult a specialist consultant / specialist medical Practitioner on Out patient basis for the illness / injury contracted during
the policy period, we will pay you Out Patient expenses for,
• Specialist Consultations
• Investigations related to the illness / injury as prescribed by the specialist
• Medicines related to the illness / injury as prescribed by the specialist
• Dental Procedures – Root Canal Treatment, Extractions
• Consultations for Psychiatric disorders
Our maximum liability for the above expenses shall be limited to the amount specified under out Patient Expenses in the policy
schedule
8. Organ Donor Expenses
We will pay the lump sum amount as specified under the policy schedule towards organ donor's treatment for harvesting of the
donated organ, provided that,
i. The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with THE
TRANSPLANTATION OF HUMANORGANS (AMENDMENT) BILL, 2011 and the organ donated is for the use of the Insured
Person, and
ii. We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalisation claim for the insured member under Hospitalisation expenses section
We will pay one time lump sum benefit amount as specified in the policy schedule
Health Care Supreme
9. Recovery benefit:
In the event of insured member hospitalised for a disease/illness/injury for a continuous period exceeding 7 days, We will pay a
one time lump sum amount per policy period, as specified under the Recovery benefit in the policy schedule.
This benefit will be triggered provided that the hospitalization claim is accepted under Section Hospitalisation expenses.
10. Physiotherapy Expenses
We will pay the expenses incurred towards Physiotherapy treatment taken on Out patient Basis for illness/Injury contracted
during the policy period, maximum up to the amount specified under the Physiotherapy Expenses in the policy schedule,
provided that,
i. The treatment is prescribed by a Specialist consultant for Muskulo- skeletal /Neurological diseases / Injuries or other Systemic
diseases
ii. The treatment should be carried out in a hospital as defined under the policy
iii. Total 10 sittings of Physiotherapy sessions would be considered per illness/injury per policy period, maximum up to the
specified limit as per the plan opted
iv. During the first year of Health Care Supreme policy with us, 90 days waiting period would be applicable for all the claims,
however the waiting period would not be applied during subsequent renewals
11. Sum Insured Reinstatement Benefit
If the Hospitalisation Sum Insured and cumulative benefit (if any) is exhausted due to claims lodged during the Policy period, then
it is agreed that 100% of the hospitalization Sum Insured specified under Hospitalisation expenses section will be reinstated for the
particular Policy period provided that:
i. The reinstated Sum Insured will be triggered only after the Hospitalisation Sum Insured inclusive of the Cumulative Bonus (If
applicable) has been completely exhausted during the policy period
ii. The reinstated Sum Insured can be used for claims made by the Insured Person in respect of the benefits stated in
Hospitalisation Expenses
iii. If the claimed amount is higher than the Balance Sum Insured inclusive of the Cumulative Bonus (If applicable) under the
policy, then this benefit will not be triggered for such claims
iv. The reinstated Sum Insured would be triggered only for subsequent claims made by the Insured Person and not arising out of
any illness/disease (including its complications) for which a claim has been lodged in the current policy year under
Hospitalisation Expenses Section This benefit is applicable only once during each policy period & will not be carried forward to
the subsequent renewals if the benefit is not utilised
v. Additional premium would not be charged for reinstatement of the Sum Insured
12. AYUSH Hospitalisation Expenses
If You are Hospitalised for not less than 24 hrs, in an AYUSH Hospital on the advice of a Doctor because of Illness or Accidental
Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period then We will pay You:
Health Care Supreme


In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for AYUSH treatment:
• Room rent, boarding expenses
• Nursing care
• Consultation fees
• Medicines, drugs and consumables
• AYUSH treatment procedures
The claim will be admissible under the policy provided that,
i. The illness/injury requires inpatient admission & the procedure performed on the insured cannot be carried out on Out
patient basis
ii. the treatment has been undergone in a government hospital for Hospital for AYUSH Treatment
13. Maternity Expenses
We will pay the Medical Expenses for the delivery of a baby (including caesarean section) and/or expenses related to medically
recommended and lawful termination of pregnancy, limited to maximum 2 deliveries or termination(s) or either, during the
lifetime of the insured person, provided that,
I. Our maximum liability per delivery or termination shall be limited to the amount specified in the policy Schedule as per the
plan opted
ii. We will pay the Medical Expenses of pre-natal and post-natal hospitalization per delivery or termination upto the amount
stated in the policy Schedule
iii. We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred for the medically necessary treatment of the new born baby upto the amount
stated in the Schedule of Benefits
iv. This coverage is limited to Self & a lawfully wedded spouse when both are covered under a single policy for 24 months, either
as a family floater or individual Sum Insured policy
v. Waiting period of 24 months from the date of issuance of the first policy with us, provided that the policy has been renewed
continuously renewed with us without break for you & your spouse
vi. We will not cover Ectopic pregnancy under this benefit
vii. Any complications arising out of or as a consequence of maternity/child birth will be covered within the limit of Sum Insured
available under this benefit
14. New Born Baby Cover
Coverage for new born baby will be considered subject to a valid claim being accepted under maternity expenses section. We will
pay the following expenses within the limit of the Sum Insured available under the maternity cover
We will pay for,
i. Medical Expenses towards treatment of your new born baby while you are hospitalised as an inpatient for delivery for the
hospitalization
Health Care Supreme
ii. Hospitalisation charges incurred on the new born baby during post birth including any complications shall be covered up to a
period of 90 days from the date of birth and within limit of the Sum Insured under Maternity Cover without payment of any
additional premium
iii. Mandatory Vaccinations of the new born baby up to 90 days, as recommended by the Indian Pediatric Association will be
covered under the Maternity Sum Insured
15. Free Annual Preventive Health Check Up
After each renewal of Health Care Supreme policy with us you will be entitled for a Preventive Health Check up at Our empanelled
Diagnostic centers Or empanelled Hospitals, list of tests as specified below. You would have to approach us for the arrangement of
the Health Check up. For the avoidance of doubt, We shall not be liable for any other ancillary or peripheral costs or expenses
(including but not limited to those for transportation, accommodation or sustenance).
This benefit can be availed by all members covered under Individual Sum Insured Policies.
This benefit can be availed by proposer & spouse only, under Floater Sum Insured Policies
Note:
Our maximum liablity collectively for Hospitalization expenses, Pre-hospitalization , Post hospitalization, Road ambulance , Day Care expenses,
AYUSH Treatment hospitalisation section would not exceed the hospitalization Sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule.
The Sum Insured for other sections is as specified under the respective cover in the policy schedule
16. Modern Treatment:
Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies (as per below list) shall be covered up to Base Sum Insured.
A. Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU
B. Balloon Sinuplasty
C. Deep Brain stimulation D. Oral chemotherapy
E. Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection
F. Intra vitreal injections
Eligible List of tests for Males above 25
years
Full Medical Report
CBC
FBS
Serum Creatinine
ECG
Serum Cholesterol
Ultra Sonography Abdomen & Pelvis
Eligible List of tests for Females above 25
years
Full Medical Report
CBC
FBS
Serum Creatinine
ECG
PAP smear
Serum Cholesterol
Ultra Sonography Abdomen & Pelvis
Eligible List of tests for age 5 years – 25
years
Full Medical Report
CBC
Chest X ray
Blood Group
Urine Routine
Health Care Supreme


G. Robotic surgeries
H. Stereotactic radio surgeries
I. Bronchical Thermoplasty
J. Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment)
K. IONM -(Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)
L. Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions to be covered
Add on benefits
These benefits are optional and applicable only if opted for and issued accordingly in the Schedule of Benefits. Insured has the
option of selecting any 1 /2 /3 add on benefits
1. Ancillary Expenses Benefit
If You are Hospitalised on the advice of a Doctor because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during
the Policy Period, then We will pay You:
i) The Daily Allowance as specified under the policy, for each continuous and completed period of 24 hours of
Hospitalization, in Non ICU section ,necessitated solely by reason of the said Accidental Bodily Injury or Sickness, subject to
a maximum of 30 days during the Policy Period for Individual SI policy & 60 days during the Policy Period for Floater SI
policy
ii) Two times the Daily Allowance for each continuous and completed period of 24 hours hospitalisation in the Intensive Care
Unit during any period of Hospitalization necessitated solely by reason of the said Accidental Bodily Injury or Sickness,
subject to a maximum of 15 days during the Policy Period for Individual SI policy & 30 days during the Policy Period for
Floater SI policy
Note:
• The claim under i & ii would be admissible provided that we have accepted the claim under Hospitalisation cover under
policy section Hospitalisation expenses
• Our maximum liability collectively for Hospitalization & ICU hospitalization for Individual & Floater policies would not
exceed the Total Sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule
Health Care Supreme – Vital Plan
• SI `1000/- per day for 30 days under Individual SI Option & 60 days under floater SI option for Hospitalisation in non ICU
section
• SI `2000/- per day for 15 days under Individual SI Option & 30 days under floater SI option In case of admission in the ICU
• Total Sum Insured of `30000/- for Individual SI option & `60000/-for Floater SI option
Health Care Supreme – Smart Plan
• SI `2000/- per day for 30 days under Individual SI Option & 60 days under floater SI option for Hospitalisation in non ICU
Health Care Supreme
section


• SI `4000/- per day for 15 days under Individual SI Option & 30 days under floater SI option In case of admission in the ICU
• Total Sum Insured of `60000/- for Individual SI option & `120000/-for Floater SI option
Health Care Supreme – Ultimo Plan
• SI `2500/- per day for 30 days under Individual SI Option & 60 days under floater SI option for Hospitalisation in non ICU
section
• SI `5000/- per day for 15 days under Individual SI Option & 30 days under floater SI option In case of admission in the ICU
• Total Sum Insured of `75000/- for Individual SI option & `150000/-for Floater SI option
2. Personal Accident Cover
If you or your family member meets with any accidental bodily injury we shall make a payment to you for one or more of the
events as below:
• Death due to accident - 100% of Sum Insured
• Permanent Total Disability due to accident - Highest compensation upto 200% of Sum Insured
• Permanent Partial Disability due to accident- As per the disability table provided in policy document
• Temporary total disability due to accident- Benefit Ranging from `2000 to `15000 per week, for max 100 weeks
• Transportation of mortal remains up to `5000
• Children Education benefit up to `5000 each for 2 children
• Dependant Spouse, Dependent children, dependent parents can be covered up to 5 lacs Sum Insured
• Temporary Total Disability benefit is not available for children
• Personal Accident Sum Insured can be opted up to maximum 60 times the average monthly income
3. Critical illness Cover
If insured member is diagnosed as suffering from a Critical Illness as listed below, which first occurs or manifests itself during
the Policy Period, and fulfills the criteria as defined under the policy, we will pay the lump sum amount as specified in the
policy.
List of Critical Illness covered under the policy
1. Cancer of specified severity
2. First heart attack – of specified severity
3. Coma of specified severity
4. Kidney failure requiring regular dialysis
5. Stroke resulting in permanent neurological sequelae
6. Major organ /bone marrow transplant
7. Multiple sclerosis with persisting symptoms
8. Aplastic anemia
Health Care Supreme


9. End stage lung disease
10. End stage liver failure
11. Parkinson's disease
12. Surgery to aorta
13. Alzheimer's disease
14. Primary pulmonary hypertension
15. Major burns
What is the entry age?
• Entry age for Medical Expenses Section:
 Proposer, Spouse ,Dependent children, parents, Sister, Brother, In laws, Aunt, Uncle: 18 yrs to lifetime
 Dependent children and Grandchildren: 3 months – 25 yrs
• Entry age for Add- on Covers:
 Proposer, Spouse ,Dependent children, parents, Sister, Brother, In laws, Aunt, Uncle: 18 yrs – 65 yrs
 Dependent children and Grandchildren.: 3 months – 25 yrs
What is the renewal age?
• Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the grounds of Your moral hazard
misrepresentation, non cooperation or fraud. (Subject to policy is renewed annually with us within the Grace period of 30
days from date of Expiry)
• For dependent children, Policy is renewable upto 35 years. After the completion of maximum renewal age of dependent
children, the policy would be renewed for lifetime, subject to Separate proposal form should be submitted to us at the time of
renewal with the insured member as proposer and subsequently the policy should be renewed annually with us and within
the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry. Continuity for all the waiting periods shall be extended in the new policy
Is this a individual policy / floater policy ?
• The policy has both the options of Individual & floater Sum Insured for medical expenses section and ancillary expenses
section
• Personal accident and critical illness covers are on individual sum insured basis
• The policy can also be given for Groups
Who Can Be Covered As Dependants Under The Policy?
• For the purpose of Individual Sum Insured Policy- includes the Insured; his/her lawfully wedded spouse and dependent
children, parents, Sister, Brother, In laws, Aunt, Uncle, Grandchildren
• For the purpose of Family Floater- includes the Insured; his/her lawfully wedded spouse and dependent children. For Parents
Health Care Supreme
separate floater Policy can be taken


* Dependent children: A child is considered a dependent for insurance purposes until his 35th birthday (even if not enrolled in
an educational institution) provided he is financially dependent, on the proposer.
What is the policy period?
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years
What is the premium paying term?
Policy can be paid on installment basis-Annual, Half Yearly, Quarterly or MonthlyWhat are the sum insured options available under
the policy?
Hospitalisation SI
(Hospitalisation Expenses
+ Pre Hospitalisation
+ Post Hospitalisation
+ Road Ambulance
+ Day care Procedures
+ AYUSH
Treatment Hospitalisation)
in `
OPD SI
in `
Physiotherapy
on OPD
basis
in `
Maternity SI
(Including
New Born
baby cover )
in `
Donor
Expenses
in `
Air
Ambulance
Reimburseme
nt Expenses in
`
Recovery
benefit
in `
Total Sum
Insured
in `
Plans
500000
800000
1000000
1500000
2000000
2500000
3000000
3500000
4000000
4500000
5000000
2500
4000
5000
10000
15000
15000
15000
17500
20000
25000
25000
5000
8000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
40000
45000
50000
25000
30000
35000
40000
40000
40000
50000
75000
75000
75000
100000
50000
80000
100000
150000
200000
250000
300000
350000
400000
450000
500000
50000
80000
100000
150000
200000
250000
300000
350000
400000
450000
500000
10000
10000
10000
25000
25000
25000
25000
50000
50000
50000
50000
642500
1012000
1260000
1890000
2500000
3105000
3720000
4377500
4985000
5595000
6225000
Plan A
Plan B
Plan C
Plan D
Plan E
Plan F
Plan G
Plan H
Plan I
Plan J
Plan K
Plans
Health Care
Supreme - Vital
Health Care
Supreme - Smart
Health Care
Supreme - Ultimo
Medical Expenses Section - Sum Insured in INR
Health Care Supreme


Table of Benefits
Add on covers for individual & floater sum insured options
Critical illness benefit
• Individual Sum Insured Options `5 lacs & `10 lacs on individual sum insured basis
Personal accident sum insured and benefit chart
* TTD benefit not applicable for children
Per Day Hospitalisation Benefit
amount
ICU Hospitalisation benefit
amount
Total Sum Insured per
policy period For
Individual SI Option
Total Sum Insured per
policy period
For Floater SI Option
Plans
`1000/per day, for 30 days for
individual policy and 60 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
`2000/per day, for 30 days for
individual policy and 60 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
`2500/per day, for 30 days for
individual policy and 60 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
`2000/ day, for 15 days for
individual policy and 30 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
`4000/ day, for 15 days for
individual policy and 30 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
`5000/ day, for 15 days for
individual policy and 30 days for
Floater policy, per policy period
Plan A
Plan B
Plan C
Plan D
Plan E
Plan F
Plan G
Plan H
Plan I
Plan J
Plan K
`30000/-
`60000/-
`75000/-
`60000/-
`120000/-
`150000/-
Health Care
Supreme -
Vital
 Health Care
Supreme -
Smart
Health Care
Supreme -
Ultimo
Ancillary Expenses Benefit Section
TTD benefit per week up to 100
weeks*
`2000/- per week
`4000/- per week
`5000/- per week
`7000/- per week
`7500/- per week
`7500/- per week
`10000/- per week
`10000/- per week
`15000/- per week
`15000/- per week
PPD benefit
in `
% of benefits,
as per the
PPD table
given in the
policy
wordings
PTD benefit
in `
10 Lacs
20 Lacs
30 Lacs
40 Lacs
50 Lacs
60 Lacs
70 Lacs
80 Lacs
90 Lacs
100 Lacs
Death Benefit
in `
5 lacs
10 lacs
15 lacs
20 lacs
25 lacs
30 lacs
35 lacs
40 lacs
45 lacs
50 lacs
Sum Insured options
in `
5 lacs
10 lacs
15 lacs
20 lacs
25 lacs
30 lacs
35 lacs
40 lacs
45 lacs
50 lacs
Health Care Supreme


What are the waiting periods under the policy?
What is the pre-policy medical examination criteria?
Pre-policy Medical Examination criteria for new Proposals & Portability proposals
• No Medical tests up to 45 years, subject to no adverse health conditions
• Medical tests would be advised for the below adverse health conditions:
○ Diabetes
○ Hypertension
○ Lipid Disorders
○ Combination of any of the above
○ Obesity
○ Joint Disorders
• Tests may be advised for other health conditions, based on the severity of disease, clinical condition of the member, treatment
taken and investigation reports for the condition
• Medical tests are mandatory for members 46 years and above
• The pre-policy check up would be arranged at our empanelled diagnostic centers
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of medical examination
Health Care Supreme
Not Applicable
Waiting periods
Hospitalisation Section
Pre/Post Hospitalisation
Road Ambulance Expenses
Road Ambulance
Air Ambulance
Day Care Expenses
Recovery Benefits
Sum Insured Reinstatement
AYUSH treatment hospitalisation
expenses
Physiotherapy Expenses
Outpatient expenses
Maternity Benefit/ New Born Baby cover
Ancillary Expenses Benefit Section
Critical Illness Benefit Section
Personal Accident Section
30 days
Applicable Not Applicable
Applicable for listed
diseases like
hysterectomy, cataract
etc
Applicable for pre-existing
diseases, joint replacement
surgeries, internal congenital
diseases, etc
90 days 1 year 2 years
Applicable
Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Applicable
Applicable Not Applicable
Applicable for listed
diseases like
hysterectomy,
cataract etc
Applicable for pre-existing
diseases joint replacement
surgeries, internal congenital
diseases etc
Applicable
Not Applicable


• If pre-policy check up would be conducted in our paneled diagnostic centre, 100% of the standard medical tests charges
would be reimbursed, subject to acceptance of proposal and policy issued
What would be the loading due to adverse health conditions?
• The loading would be applicable for the proposals with adverse health conditions given below: Hypertension, Diabetes,
Obesity, Cholesterol Disorder, Cardiovascular diseases, or multiple risk factors
• For Multiple conditions cumulative loading would be applied on the published premium
• The maximum risk loading applicable for an individual shall not exceed 50% of the published premiums, for overall risk per
person
• These loadings are applied from Commencement Date of the Policy including subsequent renewal(s) with Us or on the
receipt of the request of increase in Sum Insured (for the increased Sum Insured)
• We will inform You about the applicable risk loading through a counter offer letter. You need to revert to Us with consent and
additional premium (if any), within 15 days of the issuance of such counter offer letter. In case, you neither accept the counter
offer nor revert to Us within 15 days, We shall cancel Your application and refund the premium paid within next 7 days
• Please note that We will issue Policy only after getting Your consent
What additional benefits do I get?
i) Cumulative Bonus
 Cumulative Bonus is applicable only for Hospitalisation Section
If You renew Your Health Care Supreme Policy with Us without any break in the Policy Period and there has been no claim in
the preceding year, We will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 10% per annum, but:
• The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of Indemnity will be limited to 5 years and/ or 50% of Sum Insured
• If a claim is made in any year where a cumulative increase has been applied, then the increased Limit of Indemnity shall be
reduced by 10%, save that the Limit of Indemnity applicable to Your first Health Care Supreme Policy with Us shall be preserved
• This clause does not alter the annual character of this insurance or Our right to decline to renew or to cancel the Policy,
under the circumstances described in cancellation clause stated under the policy
Condition Loading on premium
Diabetes 10%
Hypertension 10%
Cholesterol Disorder 10%
Obesity 10%
Cardiovascular diseases 10%
Health Care Supreme
Age of the person to be insured
Up to 45 years
46 and above
Sum Insured
All Sum Insured options
All Sum Insured options
Medical Examination
No Medical Tests*Subject to no adverse health conditions
Medical Tests required as listed below:
Full Medical Report, ECG with reporting, FBG, CBC WITH ESR , Cholesterol,
HDL Cholesterol, Triglycerides, Creatinine, GGTP, SGOT, SGPT, HbA1c,
Urinalysis, Total Protein, Sr. Albumin, Sr. Globulin, A:G Ratio
• There is no transfer of Cumulative Bonus from other Company renewals
ii) The maximum cumulative bonus would be upto 50% of sum insured upto 5 claim free years.
iii) Income Tax Benefit as per Sec 80 D of the IT Act on the premiums paid for this policy, except for Personal Accident Section.
iv) Free health check up at our diagnostic centers after every renewal. This benefit of free health check up can be availed by all the
insured members under individual Sum Insured Policies
v) The benefit of free health check up can be availed by proposer & spouse only under Floater Sum Insured Policies
vi) 30 days free look in period from the date of policy receipt
Discounts
1. Add on Cover Discount : 5% discount applicable, if all add on covers are opted along with the basic cover
2. Family Discount: 5% family discount applicable, If 2 or more family members are covered under a single policy
3. Claim Free Renewal Discount : 5% discount applicable, if the policy is claim free at the time of renewal
4. Group Discount: Discount of 5% to 30% will be applicable for Group policies based on the Size of the Group
5. Long term Policy Discount: 4% discount on premium for 2 years policy term and 8% discount on premium for 3 years policy
term. (Note: This is not applicable on instalment premium option)
Conditions for renewal of the contract
i. Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the grounds of Your moral hazard, misrepresentation,
non cooperation or fraud. (Subject to policy is renewed annually with us within the Grace period of 30 days from date of
Expiry)
ii. In case of our own renewal, a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous for the
purpose of all waiting periods. However, any treatment availed for an Illness or Accident sustained or contracted during the
break period will not be admissible under the Policy.
iii. For renewals received after completion of 30 days grace period, a fresh application of health insurance should be submitted to
Us, it would be processed as per a new business proposal.
iv. For dependent children, Policy is renewable up to 35 years. After the completion of maximum renewal age of dependent
children, the policy would be renewed for lifetime, Subject to Separate proposal form to be submitted to us at the time of
Discounts
 New Renewal New Renewal New Renewal
Policy Policy Policy
Add On cover Discount 5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%
Family Discount 5% 5% NA NA NA NA
Claim Free Renewal Discount NA 5% NA 5% NA NA
Group Discount NA NA NA NA 5% to 30%* 5% to 30%*
Long Term Policy Discount 4% discount on premium for 2 years policy term and NA
8% discount on premium for 3 years policy term
Total Maximum Discount 10% 15% 5% 10% 35% 35%
Individual Healthcare
Supreme policies
Family Floater Healthcare
Supreme policies
 Group Healthcare Supreme
policies
Health Care Supreme


renewal with the insured member as proposer and subsequently the policy should be renewed with us annually and within
the Grace period of 30 days from date of Expiry. Suitable credit of continuity/waiting periods for all the previous policy years
would be extended in the new policy, provided the policy has been maintained without a break
v. Premium payable or any changes in terms & conditions on renewal and on subsequent continuation of cover are subject to
change with prior approval from IRDAI
Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year, provided no
claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance coverage
has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses incurred by the
Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts, or
fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund of premium for
cancellations on these grounds.
Conditions for sum insured enhancement
• Sum Insured enhancement will be allowed only at the time of renewals.
• Sum Insured enhancement would be subject to the underwriting approval based on the declaration on the proposal form and
previous claims experience
Health Care Supreme


Free look period
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of
porting/migrating the policy.
The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days from date of receipt of the policy document to review the terms
and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to
a. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured person and
the stamp duty charges or
b. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the insured person, a deduction
towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
c. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with the
insurance coverage during such period
Portability conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire policy
along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as
per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any
lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy including the Premium Rates
The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates. The insured
person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected..
Migration of policy
The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance products/plans offered by the company by
applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such
person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance product/plan
offered by the company, the insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on
migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Health Care Supreme
Withdrawal of policy
I. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90
days prior to expiry of the policy.
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the time of
renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period. as per IRDAI guidelines,
provided the policy has been maintained without a break.
What are the exclusions under the policy?
A) Detail list of Exclusions for Medical Expenses Section
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following:
I. Waiting Period
1. Pre-existing Diseases waiting period (Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the
expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Health Care Supreme Policy with us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI (Health
Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 24 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being declared at
the time of application and accepted by Us.
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Excl02)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 12
months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Health Care Supreme Policy with Us. This exclusion shall
not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of
the two waiting periods shall apply.
d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted without a
specific exclusion.
e. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by
IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
f. List of specific diseases/procedures is as below:
Health Care Supreme
3. A waiting period of 24 months from the first Health Care Supreme Policy inception date will be applicable to the medical and
surgical treatment of illness surgical procedures mentioned below.
• Joint replacement surgery,
• Surgery for prolapsed inter vertebral disc (unless necessitated due to an accident)
• Surgery to correct Deviated Nasal Septum and Hypertrophied Turbinates
• Congenital internal diseases or anomalies
• Laser treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error.
• Parkinson's Disease
• Genetic disorders
4. 30-day waiting period (Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall be excluded
except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum
Insured subsequently.
5. Any treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy, child birth including cesarean section until 24 months continuous
period has elapsed since the inception of the first Health Care Supreme Policy with US. However this exclusion will not apply to
Ectopic pregnancy proved by diagnostic means
Health Care Supreme
1. Any type gastrointestinal ulcers
3. Any type of fistula
5. Benign prostatic hypertrophy
7. All types of sinuses
9. Haemorrhoids, piles
11. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding
13. Endometriosis
15. Uterine Prolapse
17. Surgery on ears/tonsils/ adenoids/ paranasal sinuses
19. Mental Illness
21. Pancreatitis
23. Gout and rheumatism
25. Surgery for varicose veins and varicose ulcers
27. Alzheimer's Disease
2. Cataracts,
4. Macular Degeneration
6. Hernia of all types
8. Fissure in ano
10. Hydrocele
12. Fibromyoma
14. Hysterectomy
16. Stones in the urinary and biliary systems
18. Surgery on all internal or external tumours/cysts/ nodules/polyps of any
kind including breast lumps with exception of Malignant tumor or growth.
20. Diseases of gall bladder including cholecystitis
22. All forms of Cirrhosis
24. Tonsilitis
26. Chronic Kidney Disease
II. General exclusions
1. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants, orthodontics, surgery
of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring hospitalization..
2. Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and does not require supervision of qualified nursing staff and
qualified medical practitioner round the clock. This exclusion is however not applicable for any day care treatment taken for
the accidental bodily injury in a day care centre/ hospital
B. Exclusions applicable for Out Patient Expenses
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following:
I. Waiting Period
30-day waiting period (Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall be excluded
except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum
Insured subsequently.
II. Specific exclusions
1. Any expenses for investigations/ treatment taken without existence of any disease/ illness, signs /symptoms
2. Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the Specialist Consultant advising the same and
which is not duly supported by his prescriptions
3. Cost of Annual Health Check up
4. Any expenses in excess of the maximum payable amount under the Outpatient medical expenses limit.
5. Any expense for Treatments which is not specified under out patient expenses
C. Specific Exclusions applicable for AYUSH Treatment Cover Section
The below exclusions would be in addition to the exclusions stated under section 3, part A,
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following
1. Treatment taken at a hospital which does not fulfill the criteria as per the policy definition
2. Treatment exceeding the limit as specified under the Plan opted
3. Any expenses incurred for treatment taken for other AYUSH therapy which is not defined & covered under the policy
4. Treatment taken for Unani, naturopathy or any other stream of Medicine except as specified under the policy
Health Care Supreme


ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
5. Change-of-gender treatments (Excl07)
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of the
opposite sex.
6. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Excl08)
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an
Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the
insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.
7. Breach of law (Excl10)
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit a breach
of law with criminal intent.
8. Excluded Providers (Excl11)
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded
by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening
situations or following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.
9. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Excl12)
10. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing
home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Excl13)
11. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins,
minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as part of hospitalization claim or day care
procedure. (Excl14)
12. Expenses related to donor screening, treatment, including surgery to remove organs from a donor in the case of transplant
surgery. This exclusion is not applicable for Donor Expenses under Part I Section A8 (Organ Donor Expenses)
13. Refractive Error (Excl15)
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres
14. Unproven Treatments (Excl16)
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven
treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness.
15. Sterility and Infertility (Excl17)
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
a) Any type of contraception, sterilization
b) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT,
GIFT, ICSI
Health Care Supreme


5. Treatment taken in Wellness Centre/Spa/Naturopathy centers/Panchakarma centers or any other treatment centres which
do not qualify as per the policy definition of AYUSH Hospital.
D. Common Exclusions applicable to all the covers under Medical expenses section:
Hospitalisation expenses, Pre- Hospitalisation, Post-Hospitalisation Expenses ,Road Ambulance, Air Ambulance, Day Care
Procedures, Out Patient Expense, Organ Donor Expenses, Recovery benefit, Physiotherapy Expenses, Sum Insured
Reinstatement Benefit, AYUSH treatment Hospitalisation Expenses, Maternity Expenses, New Born Baby Cover
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following:
I. General exclusions
1. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not) [except for compelling the Government or
any other person to do or abstain from doing any act as defined under the definition of Terrorist act], civil war, commotion,
unrest, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or
damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Acts of Terrorism will be covered under the policy.
2. Investigation & Evaluation (Excl04)
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded even if the same
requires confinement at a Hospital.
Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.
3. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Excl05)
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as bathing,
dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address medical, physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.
4. Obesity/Weight Control (Excl06)
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
1) Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Medical Practitioner/Doctor
2) The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
3) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
4) Body Mass Index (BMI);
a) greater than or equal to 40 or
b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive
methods of weight loss:
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
Health Care Supreme
3. Treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy, childbirth postpartum complications including but not limited to caesarian
section, birth defects and congenital anomalies
4. Occupational diseases.
5. War, whether war be declared or not, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, terrorism or terrorist acts
or activities, rebellion, revolution, mutiny, military or usurped power, riot, strike, lockout, military or popular uprising, civil
commotion, martial law or loot, sack or pillage in connection therewith, confiscation or destruction by any government or
public authority or any act or condition incidental to any of the above.
6. Naval or military operations of the armed forces or air force and participation in operations requiring the use of arms or which
are ordered by military authorities for combating terrorists, rebels and the like.
7. Any natural peril (including but not limited to storm, tempest, avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions, hurricane, or any
other kind of natural hazard).
8. Radioactive contamination
9. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of gain, business interruption, market
loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a pure financial nature such as loss of goodwill or any legal liability of any
kind whatsoever.
10. Intentional self-injury and/or the use or misuse of intoxicating drugs and/or alcohol.
C. Exclusions applicable for Personal Accident Cover
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or attributable to
any of the following
I. General exclusions
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that you/your family member named in the schedule meets with:
a. through suicide, attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or illness.
b. While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
c. Arising or resulting from the insured person committing any breach of law with criminal intent.
d. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
e. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you carry out or have carried out on your body.
f. Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air force operations whether in the form of military exercises or war
games or actual engagement with the enemy, whether foreign or domestic.
g. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning. Whilst mounting into, dismounting from or traveling in any balloon or aircraft other
than as a passenger (fare paying or other wise) in any duly licensed standard type of aircraft anywhere in the world.
2. Consequential losses of any kind or insured person's actual or alleged legal liability.
3. Any injury/disablement/death directly or indirectly arising out of or contributed to any pre-existing condition.
4. Venereal or Sexually transmitted diseases
5. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome)
and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused.
6. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, mutiny, military or


Health Care Supreme
c) Gestational Surrogacy
d) Reversal of sterilization
16. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily injury,
17. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external appliances and/or
devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during
surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, infra cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents etc.
18. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post hospitalisation care including cost of instrument used in the
treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and Oxygen
concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition
19. Intentional self-injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
20. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part of
treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitioner/doctor. This exclusion is not applicable for Part I section A14
(New Born Baby Cover).
21. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (also known as Allopathy). This exclusion is not applicable for
AYUSH Medicine Expenses under Part I section A12 (AYUSH treatment Hospitalisation Expenses).
22. All non-medical Items as per Annexure II provided in Policy Wordings
23. Any treatment received outside India is not covered under this policy.
Any claim directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by nuclear weapons and/or materials
Exclusion under add on benefits cover
A. Ancillary expenses cover exclusions
All Exclusions of Hospitalisation Section would be applicable to Ancillary Expenses Benefit
B. Exclusions applicable for Critical Illness Cover
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or attributable
to any of the following
I. Waiting Period
1. Any Critical Illness diagnosed within the first 90 days of the date of commencement of the Policy is excluded. This
exclusion shall not apply to an Insured for whom coverage has been renewed by the Named Insured, without a break, for
subsequent years.
II. General exclusions
1. Any Critical Illness for which care, treatment, or advice was recommended by or received from a Physician, or which first
manifested itself or was contracted before the start of the Policy Period, or for which a claim has or could have been made
under any earlier policy.
2. Any sexually transmitted diseases or any condition directly or indirectly caused by or associated with Human T-Cell
Lymphotropic Virus type III (III LB III) or Lymphadinopathy Associated Virus (LAV) or the Mutants Derivative or Variations
Deficiency Syndrome or any Syndrome or condition of a similar kind commonly referred to as AIDS.


Health Care Supreme
usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or
damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
7. Nuclear energy, radiation.
8. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications arising out of these.
Disclaimer: The above information is indicative in nature, please refer the policy wordings or visit our website / our nearest
office for further details
How do i buy this policy?
1. Discuss the policy benefits, coverage and premium details with your insurance advisor or visit our website
(www.bajajallianz.com) for details
2. Actively seek information on the charges and exclusions under the policy
3. Fill the proposal form stating your personal details and health profile
4. Ensure that the information given in the form is complete and accurate
5. In case of the portability, please contact us, 45 days prior to the risk expiry date of the previous health insurance policy.
6. Based on the information provided and the underwriting guidelines of the policy you may be required to undergo pre-policy
medical examination at our network diagnostic centres.
7. We will evaluate the reports of your medical test. Depending on our evaluation if your proposal is accepted, then we will issue
the policy subject to receipt of necessary premium
8. The Policy Schedule, Policy Wordings, and Health Cards will be sent to your mailing address mentioned on the proposal form
Hospitalisation expenses, Pre- Hospitalisation, Post-Hospitalisation Expenses ,Road Ambulance, Air Ambulance, Day Care
Procedures, Out Patient Expense, Organ Donor Expenses, Recovery benefit, Physiotherapy Expenses, Sum Insured
Reinstatement Benefit, AYUSH treatment Hospitalisation Expenses, Maternity Expenses, New Born Baby Cover
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following:
Insured
Empanelled Hospital Present Card Register Claim with Bajaj Allianz 24 hr helpline:
HOSPITAL HOSPITAL
HOSPITAL HOSPITAL
Non-Empanelled Hospital l Insured Makes
Payment Directly
Send Claim Form + Bills+ all hospitalization
documents to Bajaj Allianz for reimbursement
How do I make a Claim?


HEALTH CARE SUPREME RATE CHART
Note: The premiums are in INR and excluding all taxes
Health Care Supreme


• Premiums for Individual Sum Insured Policies
Medical Expenses Section
Premium rates for Males
Age
Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
 5,00,000 8,00,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
upto 10 Yrs 6,665 8,205 9,130 12,555 14,120 14,795 15,400 16,205 16,685 17,130 17,555
11-17 Yrs 7,160 8,800 9,825 13,345 14,910 15,785 16,390 17,690 18,165 18,615 19,535
18-25 Yrs 9,495 11,385 12,715 15,800 17,825 19,670 20,325 23,885 24,400 24,885 28,140
26-30 Yrs 10,915 13,045 14,555 17,910 20,060 22,220 22,970 27,135 27,735 28,290 32,115
31-35 Yrs 11,590 13,810 15,315 18,800 21,120 23,215 24,090 27,915 28,620 29,275 32,695
36-40 Yrs 12,090 14,535 16,050 20,520 24,250 25,890 26,935 29,935 30,785 31,575 33,475
41-43 Yrs 13,060 15,670 17,200 22,070 26,285 27,760 28,995 31,560 32,560 33,495 34,610
44-46 Yrs 14,880 17,715 19,345 24,555 29,050 30,620 32,020 34,820 36,490 37,550 38,550
47-49 Yrs 17,185 20,300 22,080 27,655 32,405 34,180 35,755 39,050 41,580 42,845 43,975
50-52 Yrs 19,600 23,115 25,110 31,295 36,500 38,535 40,340 44,075 46,970 49,035 50,325
53-55 Yrs 22,410 26,385 28,630 35,490 41,185 43,525 45,605 49,795 52,975 56,100 57,585
56-58 Yrs 25,770 30,265 32,790 40,305 46,450 49,165 51,580 56,240 59,695 64,100 65,820
59-61 Yrs 29,825 34,965 37,835 46,240 53,010 56,175 58,975 64,250 68,075 73,275 75,270
62-64 Yrs 34,080 39,895 43,125 52,490 59,950 63,565 66,760 72,685 76,910 82,560 84,830
65-67 Yrs 42,690 49,570 53,370 64,115 72,500 76,865 80,715 87,620 92,400 98,575 1,01,305
68-70 Yrs 50,420 58,305 62,645 74,740 84,050 89,110 93,570 1,01,415 1,06,735 1,13,465 1,16,615
71-73 Yrs 58,995 68,260 73,340 87,400 98,125 1,04,080 1,09,320 1,18,480 1,24,610 1,32,270 1,35,960
74-76 Yrs 71,605 82,800 88,900 1,05,490 1,17,940 1,25,220 1,31,610 1,42,525 1,49,655 1,58,320 1,62,805
77-79 Yrs 81,670 94,410 1,01,330 1,19,940 1,33,775 1,42,110 1,49,420 1,61,710 1,69,650 1,79,130 1,84,245
80-82 Yrs 97,110 1,12,390 1,20,700 1,42,990 1,59,645 1,69,585 1,78,295 1,92,890 2,02,425 2,13,865 2,19,950
83-100 Yrs 1,14,275 1,32,425 1,42,295 1,68,815 1,88,765 2,00,485 2,10,745 2,27,945 2,39,330 2,53,105 2,60,265
Health Care Supreme


Premium rates for Females
Age
Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
 5,00,000 8,00,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
upto 10 Yrs 6,665 8,205 9,130 12,555 14,120 14,795 15,400 16,205 16,685 17,130 17,555
11-17 Yrs 7,160 8,800 9,825 13,345 14,910 15,785 16,390 17,690 18,165 18,615 19,535
18-25 Yrs 9,495 11,385 12,715 15,800 17,825 19,670 20,325 23,885 24,400 24,885 28,140
26-30 Yrs 10,915 13,045 14,555 17,910 20,060 22,220 22,970 27,135 27,735 28,290 32,115
31-35 Yrs 11,590 13,810 15,315 18,800 21,120 23,215 24,090 27,915 28,620 29,275 32,695
36-40 Yrs 12,090 14,535 16,050 20,520 24,250 25,890 26,935 29,935 30,785 31,575 33,475
41-43 Yrs 13,055 15,670 17,195 22,070 26,285 27,760 28,995 31,560 32,560 33,495 34,610
44-46 Yrs 14,850 17,680 19,310 24,515 29,005 30,570 31,970 34,760 36,420 37,480 38,480
47-49 Yrs 17,185 20,300 22,075 27,655 32,400 34,175 35,755 39,045 41,575 42,840 43,970
50-52 Yrs 19,620 23,135 25,135 31,325 36,535 38,570 40,375 44,115 47,010 49,085 50,375
53-55 Yrs 22,095 26,020 28,235 35,035 40,685 42,990 45,035 49,190 52,345 55,435 56,895
56-58 Yrs 24,550 28,840 31,260 38,555 44,520 47,095 49,370 53,910 57,255 61,540 63,165
59-61 Yrs 27,595 32,370 35,045 43,055 49,505 52,400 54,960 60,015 63,645 68,660 70,480
62-64 Yrs 31,045 36,360 39,325 48,160 55,190 58,435 61,300 66,945 70,905 76,305 78,345
65-67 Yrs 36,915 42,895 46,210 55,970 63,580 67,280 70,550 76,905 81,200 86,940 89,255
68-70 Yrs 43,410 50,175 53,915 64,820 73,170 77,405 81,135 88,350 93,080 99,270 1,01,900
71-73 Yrs 49,115 56,800 61,045 73,425 82,805 87,610 91,835 1,00,110 1,05,415 1,12,320 1,15,295
74-76 Yrs 57,140 66,035 70,920 85,055 95,540 1,01,155 1,06,090 1,15,705 1,21,640 1,29,200 1,32,655
77-79 Yrs 63,530 73,400 78,800 94,355 1,05,740 1,12,005 1,17,500 1,28,185 1,34,640 1,42,755 1,46,590
80-82 Yrs 72,780 84,230 90,505 1,08,725 1,22,140 1,29,315 1,35,605 1,48,055 1,55,625 1,65,265 1,69,650
83-100 Yrs 82,905 96,120 1,03,370 1,24,610 1,40,365 1,48,540 1,55,695 1,70,110 1,78,960 1,90,400 1,95,385
Health Care Supreme Premium Rates for – Add On Covers
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Ancillary Expenses Benet Premium for Males & Females
Age
Vital Smart Ultimo
 SI Rs 1000/- per day SI Rs 2000/- per day SI Rs 2500/- per day
03 months- 35 yrs 370 735 920
36 - 40 yrs 420 840 1,050
41 - 45 yrs 475 945 1,180
46 - 50 yrs 630 1,260 1,575
51 - 55 yrs 945 1,890 2,365
56 - 60 yrs 1,365 2,730 3,415
61 - 65 yrs 2,050 4,095 5,120
66 - 70 yrs 3,045 6,090 7,615
71 - 75 yrs 4,570 9,135 11,420
76 - 80 yrs 6,775 13,545 16,930
81 yrs & Above 8,980 17,955 22,445
Critical Illness Premium for Males & Females
 Age Band 5,00,000 10,00,000
 03 months - 25 yrs 1,050 2,100
 26 - 35 yrs 1,575 3,150
 36 - 40 yrs 2,890 5,775
 41 - 45 yrs 4,200 8,400
 46 - 50 yrs 6,300 12,600
 51 - 55 yrs 9,190 18,375
 56 - 60 yrs 15,750 31,500
 61 - 65 yrs 22,315 44,625
 66 - 70 yrs 31,500 63,000
 71 - 75 yrs 43,315 86,625
 76 - 80 yrs 60,375 1,20,750
 81 yrs & above 77,440 1,54,875
Health Care Supreme


Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Personal Accident Premium for Males & Females
Sum Insured Premium
5,00,000 825
10,00,000 1,655
15,00,000 2,480
20,00,000 3,310
25,00,000 4,135
30,00,000 4,960
35,00,000 5,790
40,00,000 6,615
45,00,000 7,440
50,00,000 8,270
Premiums for Floater Sum Insured Policies
Medical Expenses Section
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Premium rates for two Adults
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 15,740 19,020 21,415 26,970 30,960 34,265 35,215 43,315 45,455 48,930 55,195
26 - 30 yrs 18,040 21,725 24,430 30,425 34,600 38,455 39,545 48,790 51,045 54,625 61,985
31 - 35 yrs 18,705 22,455 25,105 31,230 35,635 39,290 40,560 49,040 51,440 55,165 61,660
36 - 40 yrs 18,725 22,780 25,360 33,260 39,970 42,590 44,105 50,600 54,200 56,925 60,310
41 - 43 yrs 19,600 23,820 26,335 34,840 42,360 44,540 46,315 51,570 55,615 59,175 60,915
44 - 46 yrs 23,050 27,560 30,195 39,180 47,130 49,380 51,385 56,555 60,860 65,925 67,360
47 - 49 yrs 27,695 32,595 35,440 44,955 53,270 55,805 58,065 63,610 68,135 75,000 76,615
50 - 52 yrs 31,295 36,775 39,940 50,405 59,455 62,345 64,920 71,090 76,035 83,680 85,525
53 - 55 yrs 34,965 41,065 44,570 55,995 65,760 69,055 71,980 78,805 84,165 92,325 94,420
56 - 58 yrs 38,935 45,645 49,475 61,705 71,990 75,725 79,040 86,470 92,145 1,00,600 1,02,970
59 - 61 yrs 43,790 51,285 55,540 68,940 80,055 84,310 88,080 96,335 1,02,495 1,11,505 1,14,195
62 - 64 yrs 49,225 57,565 62,280 76,995 89,055 93,855 98,100 1,07,270 1,13,965 1,23,640 1,26,665
65 - 67 yrs 63,260 72,770 78,105 94,425 1,07,530 1,13,140 1,18,100 1,28,465 1,35,780 1,46,060 1,49,580
68 - 70 yrs 76,085 86,815 92,805 1,10,880 1,25,160 1,31,590 1,37,260 1,48,905 1,56,900 1,67,920 1,71,930
71 - 73 yrs 85,710 98,035 1,04,895 1,25,535 1,41,675 1,49,080 1,55,600 1,69,005 1,78,040 1,90,395 1,94,990
74 - 76 yrs 99,385 1,13,805 1,21,785 1,45,400 1,63,500 1,72,310 1,80,055 1,95,655 2,05,815 2,19,355 2,24,795
77 - 79 yrs 1,10,090 1,26,105 1,34,925 1,60,675 1,80,110 1,90,035 1,98,750 2,15,945 2,26,895 2,41,165 2,47,270
80 - 82 yrs 1,25,545 1,43,900 1,53,960 1,82,775 2,04,250 2,15,810 2,25,945 2,45,325 2,57,480 2,72,910 2,80,000
83 and above 1,42,575 1,63,520 1,74,950 2,07,150 2,30,890 2,44,250 2,55,960 2,77,725 2,91,220 3,07,950 3,16,130
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Premium rates for two Adults and one Child
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 17,990 22,175 24,965 33,650 41,035 43,815 45,110 52,885 56,775 61,290 65,555
26 - 30 yrs 19,805 24,300 27,315 36,345 43,905 47,065 48,490 57,005 61,005 65,620 70,575
31 - 35 yrs 20,910 25,555 28,590 37,820 44,625 47,755 49,355 56,005 58,665 62,630 67,120
36 - 40 yrs 22,090 27,275 30,500 41,740 50,825 53,425 55,255 61,220 65,065 68,020 70,700
41 - 43 yrs 23,380 28,755 31,985 43,630 53,975 56,405 58,480 64,070 68,350 72,125 73,880
44 - 46 yrs 26,830 32,490 35,845 47,895 58,770 61,330 63,620 69,335 73,855 79,125 80,760
47 - 49 yrs 31,285 37,290 40,825 53,305 64,460 67,290 69,815 75,905 80,675 87,810 89,610
50 - 52 yrs 34,395 40,765 44,480 57,235 68,465 71,630 74,450 81,390 86,930 95,570 97,580
53 - 55 yrs 37,610 44,420 48,360 61,535 72,965 76,505 79,655 87,415 93,635 1,03,340 1,05,585
56 - 58 yrs 41,320 48,695 52,940 66,865 78,785 82,735 86,245 94,565 1,01,085 1,11,065 1,13,570
59 - 61 yrs 46,175 54,335 59,005 74,100 86,845 91,320 95,290 1,04,425 1,11,425 1,21,965 1,24,790
62 - 64 yrs 51,740 60,770 65,915 82,335 96,050 1,01,085 1,05,545 1,15,595 1,23,150 1,34,365 1,37,535
65 - 67 yrs 65,385 75,525 81,260 99,205 1,13,910 1,19,720 1,24,855 1,36,040 1,44,180 1,55,980 1,59,620
68 - 70 yrs 77,600 88,820 95,125 1,14,520 1,30,140 1,36,710 1,42,515 1,54,795 1,63,480 1,75,775 1,79,880
71 - 73 yrs 86,255 98,770 1,05,755 1,26,885 1,43,585 1,51,065 1,57,660 1,71,260 1,80,580 1,93,465 1,98,120
74 - 76 yrs 99,260 1,13,715 1,21,725 1,45,445 1,63,760 1,72,600 1,80,380 1,95,940 2,06,220 2,19,980 2,25,450
77 - 79 yrs 1,10,060 1,26,240 1,35,160 1,61,075 1,80,805 1,90,865 1,99,700 2,16,840 2,27,960 2,42,475 2,48,670
80 - 82 yrs 1,27,845 1,47,510 1,58,260 1,88,020 2,10,465 2,23,005 2,34,000 2,53,505 2,66,260 2,82,140 2,89,825
83 and above 1,47,900 1,71,605 1,84,470 2,18,600 2,44,185 2,59,610 2,73,110 2,95,235 3,09,875 3,27,330 3,36,750
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Premium rates for two Adults and two Children
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 20,040 24,920 27,965 39,010 49,025 51,305 52,955 60,015 64,480 69,260 71,535
26 - 30 yrs 21,420 26,525 29,710 41,010 51,195 53,695 55,465 62,870 67,445 72,320 74,880
31 - 35 yrs 22,860 28,185 31,465 43,035 53,445 56,060 58,005 63,240 66,175 70,395 72,885
36 - 40 yrs 24,300 29,820 33,150 45,005 55,705 58,310 60,475 67,515 73,210 79,580 81,575
41 - 43 yrs 26,215 32,020 35,465 47,690 58,705 61,430 63,830 70,815 76,705 84,985 86,785
44 - 46 yrs 29,775 35,875 39,475 52,090 63,375 66,300 68,915 76,095 82,155 91,435 93,290
47 - 49 yrs 34,180 40,630 44,410 57,475 69,065 72,245 75,090 82,595 88,845 98,825 1,00,845
50 - 52 yrs 37,490 44,405 48,430 62,090 74,080 77,600 80,740 88,670 95,170 1,05,450 1,07,685
53 - 55 yrs 40,825 48,250 52,550 66,870 79,305 83,200 86,665 95,085 1,01,850 1,12,385 1,14,855
56 - 58 yrs 44,405 52,380 56,970 72,015 84,920 89,210 93,030 1,01,990 1,09,050 1,19,845 1,22,565
59 - 61 yrs 49,200 57,910 62,890 78,895 92,420 97,245 1,01,530 1,11,200 1,18,635 1,29,790 1,32,835
62 - 64 yrs 54,745 64,245 69,650 86,700 1,00,910 1,06,310 1,11,100 1,21,540 1,29,395 1,40,930 1,44,330
65 - 67 yrs 68,175 78,740 84,710 1,03,170 1,18,275 1,24,430 1,29,885 1,41,390 1,49,780 1,61,810 1,65,675
68 - 70 yrs 80,270 91,900 98,430 1,18,315 1,34,315 1,41,225 1,47,335 1,59,920 1,68,845 1,81,365 1,85,685
71 - 73 yrs 89,070 1,02,020 1,09,245 1,30,895 1,48,000 1,55,840 1,62,765 1,76,675 1,86,260 1,99,385 2,04,270
74 - 76 yrs 1,03,105 1,18,660 1,27,210 1,51,275 1,69,625 1,79,510 1,88,195 2,03,950 2,14,370 2,27,610 2,33,710
77 - 79 yrs 1,15,200 1,33,060 1,42,780 1,69,055 1,88,640 2,00,290 2,10,510 2,27,845 2,39,070 2,52,570 2,59,720
80 - 82 yrs 1,36,160 1,57,590 1,69,240 2,00,500 2,23,865 2,37,800 2,50,015 2,70,475 2,83,850 2,99,890 3,08,425
83 and above 1,59,985 1,85,395 1,99,215 2,36,340 2,64,270 2,80,675 2,95,045 3,19,120 3,35,060 3,54,350 3,64,375
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Premium rates for two Adults and three Children
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 22,530 27,740 30,860 42,390 52,915 55,195 57,240 63,675 69,250 78,680 80,110
26 - 30 yrs 23,715 29,105 32,325 44,075 54,770 57,185 59,360 65,940 71,620 81,140 82,665
31 - 35 yrs 25,350 31,000 34,360 46,420 57,335 59,950 62,295 69,075 74,900 82,580 84,230
36 - 40 yrs 27,510 33,500 37,040 49,510 60,725 63,595 66,165 73,225 79,235 89,065 90,880
41 - 43 yrs 29,795 36,140 39,865 52,785 64,315 67,445 70,250 77,620 83,830 93,845 95,825
44 - 46 yrs 33,445 40,110 44,010 57,330 69,135 72,510 75,520 83,185 89,565 99,740 1,01,875
47 - 49 yrs 37,865 44,880 48,965 62,740 74,850 78,480 81,725 89,715 96,285 1,06,635 1,08,940
50 - 52 yrs 41,325 48,820 53,165 67,555 80,080 84,065 87,625 96,050 1,02,880 1,13,470 1,15,995
53 - 55 yrs 44,890 52,930 57,565 72,660 85,660 90,045 93,955 1,02,890 1,10,005 1,20,870 1,23,645
56 - 58 yrs 48,810 57,455 62,410 78,290 91,810 96,635 1,00,930 1,10,450 1,17,885 1,29,040 1,32,090
59 - 61 yrs 53,735 63,135 68,490 85,360 99,520 1,04,890 1,09,670 1,19,910 1,27,740 1,39,260 1,42,650
62 - 64 yrs 59,300 69,500 75,280 93,195 1,08,040 1,13,990 1,19,275 1,30,290 1,38,535 1,50,440 1,54,190
65 - 67 yrs 73,140 84,465 90,840 1,10,250 1,26,050 1,32,805 1,38,795 1,50,930 1,59,750 1,72,185 1,76,425
68 - 70 yrs 85,550 97,995 1,04,960 1,25,855 1,42,595 1,50,145 1,56,825 1,70,080 1,79,465 1,92,415 1,97,140
71 - 73 yrs 94,355 1,08,110 1,15,775 1,38,430 1,56,275 1,64,755 1,72,250 1,86,835 1,96,880 2,10,435 2,15,720
74 - 76 yrs 1,09,780 1,26,365 1,35,470 1,60,955 1,80,345 1,90,960 2,00,300 2,16,990 2,28,030 2,41,940 2,48,495
77 - 79 yrs 1,23,300 1,42,425 1,52,830 1,80,920 2,01,855 2,14,345 2,25,295 2,43,835 2,55,840 2,70,255 2,77,920
80 - 82 yrs 1,45,890 1,68,850 1,81,330 2,14,825 2,39,855 2,54,785 2,67,870 2,89,795 3,04,125 3,21,315 3,30,455
83 and above 1,71,410 1,98,635 2,13,445 2,53,220 2,83,145 3,00,725 3,16,115 3,41,915 3,58,995 3,79,660 3,90,400
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST


Premium rates for one Adult and one Child
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 12,715 15,715 17,660 24,065 29,670 31,430 32,410 37,435 40,385 43,290 45,655
26 - 30 yrs 13,435 16,560 18,595 25,145 30,805 32,730 33,755 39,130 42,120 45,055 47,750
31 - 35 yrs 13,965 17,160 19,205 25,845 30,625 32,530 33,635 37,330 38,905 41,115 43,575
36 - 40 yrs 14,515 17,975 20,110 27,750 33,665 35,300 36,515 39,865 42,030 43,730 45,280
41 - 43 yrs 15,295 18,900 21,070 29,085 35,400 36,960 38,300 41,395 43,780 45,895 46,990
44 - 46 yrs 17,135 20,910 23,160 31,435 37,970 39,605 41,065 44,220 46,730 49,600 50,640
47 - 49 yrs 19,550 23,510 25,855 34,285 40,940 42,740 44,350 47,725 50,375 54,200 55,335
50 - 52 yrs 21,845 25,940 28,305 36,105 42,455 44,620 46,545 50,525 53,605 58,325 59,580
53 - 55 yrs 24,640 29,010 31,480 39,020 45,285 47,860 50,145 54,750 58,250 63,580 65,050
56 - 58 yrs 28,315 33,255 36,030 44,290 51,045 54,030 56,680 61,805 65,600 70,970 72,815
59 - 61 yrs 32,785 38,430 41,585 50,830 58,275 61,750 64,830 70,625 74,830 80,550 82,740
62 - 64 yrs 37,585 43,995 47,560 57,880 66,095 70,080 73,605 80,135 84,790 91,015 93,515
65 - 67 yrs 46,655 54,185 58,345 70,120 79,310 84,085 88,300 95,860 1,01,100 1,07,880 1,10,865
68 - 70 yrs 55,615 64,320 69,105 82,445 92,710 98,295 1,03,215 1,11,865 1,17,735 1,25,155 1,28,630
71 - 73 yrs 65,055 75,270 80,875 96,375 1,08,200 1,14,770 1,20,545 1,30,645 1,37,405 1,45,850 1,49,920
74 - 76 yrs 78,965 91,310 98,040 1,16,325 1,30,045 1,38,075 1,45,125 1,57,150 1,65,015 1,74,555 1,79,500
77 - 79 yrs 90,135 1,04,195 1,11,835 1,32,360 1,47,620 1,56,825 1,64,895 1,78,450 1,87,210 1,97,660 2,03,305
80 - 82 yrs 1,06,985 1,23,825 1,32,975 1,57,535 1,75,895 1,86,845 1,96,440 2,12,515 2,23,025 2,35,630 2,42,335
83 and above 1,25,700 1,45,665 1,56,525 1,85,695 2,07,640 2,20,530 2,31,820 2,50,740 2,63,260 2,78,420 2,86,295
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Premium rates for one Adult and two Children
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 14,065 17,880 20,275 29,625 37,345 38,780 39,870 43,920 46,955 49,940 51,265
26 - 30 yrs 14,485 18,370 20,810 30,240 38,005 39,515 40,640 44,830 47,895 50,905 52,350
31 - 35 yrs 15,015 18,980 21,450 30,975 37,835 39,380 40,570 43,250 44,885 47,155 48,550
36 - 40 yrs 15,780 19,980 22,575 32,785 41,535 43,045 44,315 47,280 49,480 51,220 52,345
41 - 43 yrs 16,210 20,305 22,800 32,455 40,470 42,015 43,385 46,955 49,905 53,135 54,150
44 - 46 yrs 18,050 21,990 24,455 34,090 42,005 43,635 45,090 48,915 52,110 56,360 57,390
47 - 49 yrs 20,650 24,455 26,920 36,625 44,575 46,355 47,945 51,940 55,235 60,340 61,445
50 - 52 yrs 23,535 27,750 30,280 39,010 46,235 48,510 50,540 55,015 58,545 63,855 65,060
53 - 55 yrs 26,885 31,650 34,345 42,570 49,405 52,210 54,705 59,730 63,545 69,015 70,470
56 - 58 yrs 30,890 36,280 39,305 48,320 55,685 58,945 61,835 67,420 71,565 77,325 79,295
59 - 61 yrs 35,765 41,925 45,365 55,450 63,570 67,365 70,720 77,045 81,635 87,870 90,265
62 - 64 yrs 41,005 47,995 51,885 63,140 72,105 76,450 80,295 87,420 92,500 99,285 1,02,020
65 - 67 yrs 50,895 59,110 63,645 76,495 86,520 91,730 96,325 1,04,575 1,10,290 1,17,685 1,20,945
68 - 70 yrs 60,670 70,165 75,385 89,940 1,01,140 1,07,230 1,12,600 1,22,035 1,28,435 1,36,530 1,40,325
71 - 73 yrs 70,970 82,115 88,225 1,05,135 1,18,035 1,25,200 1,31,505 1,42,525 1,49,895 1,59,110 1,63,550
74 - 76 yrs 86,145 99,610 1,06,955 1,26,900 1,41,865 1,50,625 1,58,315 1,71,440 1,80,015 1,90,425 1,95,820
77 - 79 yrs 98,330 1,13,665 1,22,000 1,44,395 1,61,040 1,71,080 1,79,885 1,94,675 2,04,230 2,15,630 2,21,790
80 - 82 yrs 1,16,710 1,35,080 1,45,065 1,71,860 1,91,885 2,03,830 2,14,300 2,31,835 2,43,300 2,57,050 2,64,365
83 and above 1,37,130 1,58,910 1,70,755 2,02,575 2,26,520 2,40,580 2,52,895 2,73,535 2,87,195 3,03,730 3,12,320
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Premium rates for one Adult and three Children
Plans Vital Vital Vital Smart Smart Smart Smart Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo Ultimo
Age / Sum Insured 5 Lacs 8 Lacs 10 Lacs 15 Lacs 20 Lacs 25 Lacs 30 Lacs 35 Lacs 40 Lacs 45Lacs 50Lacs
18 - 25 yrs 16,090 20,320 22,910 33,190 42,815 44,310 45,655 51,240 56,255 61,010 61,950
26 - 30 yrs 16,390 20,665 23,280 33,620 43,290 44,815 46,190 51,815 56,860 61,635 62,600
31 - 35 yrs 16,980 21,350 24,010 34,460 44,205 45,805 47,235 52,930 55,650 58,100 59,110
36 - 40 yrs 17,780 22,270 25,000 35,595 45,450 47,135 48,650 54,440 58,810 62,115 63,180
41 - 43 yrs 18,685 23,315 26,120 36,885 46,860 48,655 50,260 55,580 59,670 64,460 65,590
44 - 46 yrs 20,320 25,080 27,950 38,885 48,970 50,860 52,550 57,835 61,905 67,710 68,900
47 - 49 yrs 22,490 27,380 30,310 41,265 51,410 53,405 55,195 60,630 64,830 71,585 72,845
50 - 52 yrs 25,510 30,430 33,290 42,935 52,590 54,755 56,685 62,495 67,265 75,140 76,505
53 - 55 yrs 29,125 34,285 37,205 46,115 55,170 57,735 60,025 66,150 71,235 79,430 81,055
56 - 58 yrs 33,465 39,300 42,580 52,345 60,790 64,185 67,200 73,445 78,200 85,080 87,225
59 - 61 yrs 38,745 45,420 49,150 60,075 68,870 72,980 76,615 83,465 88,435 95,195 97,785
62 - 64 yrs 44,420 51,995 56,210 68,405 78,115 82,825 86,985 94,705 1,00,205 1,07,560 1,10,520
65 - 67 yrs 55,140 64,035 68,950 82,870 93,730 99,375 1,04,355 1,13,290 1,19,480 1,27,495 1,31,025
68 - 70 yrs 65,730 76,015 81,670 97,435 1,09,570 1,16,170 1,21,980 1,32,205 1,39,140 1,47,910 1,52,020
71 - 73 yrs 76,885 88,960 95,575 1,13,900 1,27,870 1,35,635 1,42,465 1,54,400 1,62,385 1,72,370 1,77,180
74 - 76 yrs 93,325 1,07,910 1,15,865 1,37,480 1,53,685 1,63,175 1,71,510 1,85,725 1,95,015 2,06,295 2,12,140
77 - 79 yrs 1,06,525 1,23,140 1,32,170 1,56,430 1,74,460 1,85,335 1,94,875 2,10,895 2,21,250 2,33,600 2,40,270
80 - 82 yrs 1,26,435 1,46,335 1,57,155 1,86,180 2,07,875 2,20,815 2,32,155 2,51,155 2,63,575 2,78,470 2,86,395
83 and above 1,48,555 1,72,150 1,84,985 2,19,455 2,45,395 2,60,630 2,73,970 2,96,330 3,11,130 3,29,040 3,38,345
Critical Illness Premium
For Males &
Females
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Critical Illness Premium Rates
 Age Band 5 lacs 10 lacs
3m - 25 yrs 1,050 2,100
 26 - 35 yrs 1,575 3,150
 36 - 40 yrs 2,890 5,775
 41 - 45 yrs 4,200 8,400
 46 - 50 yrs 6,300 12,600
 51 - 55 yrs 9,190 18,375
 56 - 60 yrs 15,750 31,500
 61 - 65 yrs 22,315 44,625
 66 - 70 yrs 31,500 63,000
 71 - 75 yrs 43,315 86,625
 76 - 80 yrs 60,375 1,20,750
 81 yrs & above 77,440 1,54,875
Health Care Supreme Premium Rates for – Add On Covers
Health Care Supreme
Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Ancillary Expenses Benet Premium for Males & Females
Plan Proposer’s Age 1 Adult + 1
Child
1 Adult + 2
Children
1 Adult + 3
Children 2 Adults 2 Adults + 1
Child
2 Adults + 2
Children
2 Adults + 3
Children
Health Care
Supreme Vital SI Rs
1000/- per day
18 - 25 yrs 700 1,035 1,350 700 1,035 1,350 1,655
26 - 30 yrs 700 1,035 1,350 700 1,035 1,350 1,655
31 - 35 yrs 700 1,035 1,350 700 1,035 1,350 1,655
36 - 40 yrs 750 1,085 1,400 800 1,135 1,450 1,750
41 - 45 yrs 800 1,135 1,450 900 1,235 1,545 1,845
46 - 50 yrs 950 1,285 1,595 1,195 1,530 1,835 2,125
51 - 55 yrs 1,245 1,580 1,885 1,795 2,120 2,415 2,695
56 - 60 yrs 1,645 1,975 2,270 2,595 2,910 3,190 3,450
61 - 65 yrs 2,295 2,615 2,900 3,890 4,195 4,445 4,680
66 - 70 yrs 3,240 3,555 3,815 5,785 6,070 6,280 6,475
71 - 75 yrs 4,690 4,985 5,215 8,680 8,930 9,080 9,215
76 - 80 yrs 6,785 7,055 7,245 12,870 13,080 13,140 13,185
Above 81 yrs 8,880 9,130 9,275 17,055 17,225 17,195 17,150
Health Care Supreme Smart SI Rs
2000/- per day
18 - 25 yrs 1,395 2,075 2,705 1,395 2,075 2,705 3,310
26 - 30 yrs 1,395 2,075 2,705 1,395 2,075 2,705 3,310
31 - 35 yrs 1,395 2,075 2,705 1,395 2,075 2,705 3,310
36 - 40 yrs 1,495 2,170 2,800 1,595 2,270 2,900 3,495
41 - 45 yrs 1,595 2,270 2,900 1,795 2,470 3,090 3,685
46 - 50 yrs 1,895 2,565 3,190 2,395 3,060 3,670 4,255
51 - 55 yrs 2,495 3,160 3,765 3,590 4,245 4,830 5,385
56 - 60 yrs 3,290 3,950 4,540 5,185 5,825 6,375 6,900
61 - 65 yrs 4,590 5,230 5,795 7,780 8,390 8,885 9,355
66 - 70 yrs 6,485 7,105 7,630 11,570 12,140 12,560 12,945
71 - 75 yrs 9,375 9,970 10,435 17,355 17,865 18,160 18,430
76 - 80 yrs 13,565 14,115 14,490 25,735 26,155 26,275 26,365
Above 81 yrs 17,755 18,260 18,545 34,115 34,445 34,390 34,305
Health Care Supreme Ultimo SI Rs
2500/- per day
18 - 25 yrs 1,745 2,590 3,380 1,745 2,590 3,380 4,135
26 - 30 yrs 1,745 2,590 3,380 1,745 2,590 3,380 4,135
31 - 35 yrs 1,745 2,590 3,380 1,745 2,590 3,380 4,135
36 - 40 yrs 1,870 2,715 3,500 1,995 2,840 3,625 4,370
41 - 45 yrs 1,995 2,840 3,625 2,245 3,085 3,865 4,605
46 - 50 yrs 2,370 3,210 3,985 2,995 3,825 4,590 5,315
51 - 55 yrs 3,115 3,950 4,710 4,490 5,305 6,040 6,735
56 - 60 yrs 4,115 4,935 5,675 6,485 7,280 7,970 8,625
61 - 65 yrs 5,735 6,540 7,245 9,725 10,485 11,110 11,695
66 - 70 yrs 8,105 8,885 9,540 14,465 15,175 15,700 16,185
71 - 75 yrs 11,720 12,460 13,040 21,695 22,330 22,700 23,035
76 - 80 yrs 16,960 17,645 18,115 32,170 32,695 32,845 32,955
Above 81 yrs 22,195 22,825 23,185 42,645 43,060 42,985 42,880
Personal Accident Premium For Males & Females
Health Care Supreme
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance Laws Amendment Act, 2015
(Prohibition of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or
continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the
commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or
continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or
tables of the insurers. Any person making default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which
may extend to 10 lakh rupees.


Note: Premiums are exclusive of GST
Personal Accident Premium for Males and Females
Sum Insured Premium
 5,00,000 825
 10,00,000 1,655
 15,00,000 2,480
 20,00,000 3,310
 25,00,000 4,135
 30,00,000 4,960
 35,00,000 5,790
 40,00,000 6,615
 45,00,000 7,440
 50,00,000 8,270
Instalment Options
• 0.086 for monthly mode, 0.257 for quarterly mode, and 0.509 for semi-annual mode.
• In case of long term policies, average premium can be paid annually
Health Care Supreme
Benet Illustration in respect of Policies offered on Individual & Family Floater basis
Age of the
members
to be
insured
Coverage opted on
Individual Basis covering
each member of the family
separately (at a single point
in time)
Coverage opted on individual basis covering
multiple members of the family under as
single policy (Sum Insured is available for
each member of the family)
Coverage opted on oater basis with overall Sum Insured
(Only one sum insured is available for the entire family)
Premium Sum Insured/
Deductible
Premium Discount Premium
after
discount
Sum
Insured/
Deductible
Premium or
consolidated
premium for
all members
of family
Floater
discount
if any
Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured/
Deductible
45 14,880 500,000 14,880 5% 14,136 500,000
29,775 NA 500,000 40 12,090 500,000 12,090 5% 11,486 500,000
21 9,495 500,000 9,495 5% 9,020 500,000
18 7,160 500,000 7,160 5% 6,802 500,000
Total Premium for all members of the
family is Rs 43,625 when each member is covered separately (No discount
applicable)
Total Premium for all members of the family
is Rs 41,444 when they are covered under a
single policy (Family Discount applicable)
Total premium when policy is opted on oater basis is
Rs 29,775 (No discount applicable)
Sum Insured available for each individual
is Rs 500,000
Sum Insured available for each family member is Rs 500,000
Sum Insured of Rs 500,000 is available for the entire
family
Note: Premium rates specied in the above illustration shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the premium rates
shall be exclusive of taxes applicable.