Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint
venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited and Allianz SE. Both
enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability and strength. This
joint venture company incorporates global expertise with
local experience. The comprehensive, innovative solutions
combine the technical expertise and experience of the 110
year old Allianz SE, and in-depth market knowledge and good
will of Bajaj brand in India. Competitive pricing and quick
honest response have earned the company the customer's
trust and market leadership in a very short time.
What is a Hospital Cash Daily Allowance Policy?
Hospital Cash Daily Allowance Policy guards you and your
family against the trauma that you face because of increased
financial burden during hospitalization.
This policy pays a daily benefit amount to take care of the
incidental expenses during hospitalisation period.
Who can be covered under the policy?
• Self, Spouse, Dependent Children, Grandchildren, Parents,
Sister, Brother, Father In law, Mother In law, Aunt, Uncle
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is
available under the policy except on the grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation or moral hazard.
What is renewal age?
Sum Insured options available are
! Rs 500 per day
! Rs 1000 per day
! Rs 2000 per day
! Rs 2500 per day
Cover is available for 30 days and 60 days per policy period.
What are the Sum Insured Options available?
! 1year, 2 years or 3 years
What is the Policy Period?
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual
health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of
porting/migrating the policy.
The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days
from date of receipt of the policy document to review the
terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if
not acceptable.
lf the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look
Period, the insured shall be entitled to
I) a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred
by the Company on medical examination of the insured
person and the stamp duty charges or
Free Look Period
When can I enhance my sum insured?
• Sum Insured enhancement can be done at renewals.
• For enhancement of sum insured, fresh proposal form
along with the renewal notice should be submitted
The Bajaj Allianz Advantage
Global expertise
Innovative packages to match individual needs
Quick disbursement of claims
80D Premium paid is exempt under IT section 80D
HAT: In-house Claim Administration
What is the entry age?
• Entry age for Adult from 18 yrs - 65 yrs
• Entry age for dependent children is 3 months to 21 yrs.
a. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
b. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
Long Term Policy Discount:
Policy can be paid on installment basis-Annual, Half Yearly,
Quarterly or Monthly.
What is the premium paying term?
The policy can be taken along with any other health insurance
schemes,ESIS,CGHSetc.
• Thebenefitspayableareforeachdayofhospitalization
• ThebenefitisdoubledincaseofICUadmission(formaximum
7 days)
• Photocopy of discharge card, along with copies of reports,
bills and prescriptions corresponding required for claims
processing.
• IncomeTaxbenefitonthepremiumpaidaspersection 80Dof
the IncomeTax Act
Key Features:
• 5%familydiscount applicable if 2 ormore familymembers are
covered under the same policy.The family discount will be
offeredforbothnewpoliciesaswellasforrenewalpolicies
What are the exclusions under the policy?
I. Waiting Period
1. Pre-existing Diseases waiting period (Excl01) :
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing
Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be
excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous
coverage after the date of inception of the first Hospital
Cash Daily Allowance Policy with us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion
shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break
as defined under the portability norms of the extant
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting
period for the same would be reduced to the extent of
prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months
for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being
declared at the time of application and accepted by Us.
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period
(Excl02) :
a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed
Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded
until the expiry of 12 months of continuous coverage
after the date of inception of the first Hospital Cash Daily
Allowance Policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be
applicable for claims arising due to an accident.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion
shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the
waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then
the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even
if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted
without a specific exclusion.
e. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break
as defined under the applicable norms on portability
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same
would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
f. List of specific diseases/procedures is as below:
3. 30-day waiting period (Excl03) :
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within
30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall
be excluded except claims arising due to an accident,
provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however apply if the Insured
has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to
the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting
higher Sum Insured subsequently
II. General Exclusions :
1. Investigation & Evaluation (Excl04) :
i. Expenses related to any admission primarily for
diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded
ii. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not
incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are
excluded
2. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care- (Excl05) :
Expenses related to any admission primarily for
enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This
also includes:
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for
personal care such as help with activities of daily living
such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by
skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address
medical, physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs
3. Obesity/Weight Control (Excl06) :
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity
that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
i. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the
Doctor
ii. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be
supported by clinical protocols
iii. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
iv. Body Mass Index (BMI);
• greater than or equal to 40 or
• greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of
the following severe co-morbidities following failure of
less invasive methods of weight loss:
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
4. Change-of-gender treatments (Excl07) :
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical
management, to change characteristics of the body to
those of the opposite sex.
5. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Excl08) :
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any
treatment to change appearance unless for
reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or
Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to
remove a direct and immediate health risk to the
insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it
must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.
6. Breach of law (Excl10) :
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or
consequent upon any Insure Person committing or
attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal
intent
7. Excluded Providers (Excl11) :
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or
by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its
website / notified to the policyholders are not
admissible. However, in case of life threatening
situations or following an accident, expenses up to the
stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete
claim.
8. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or
any addictive condition and consequences thereof.
(Excl12)
9. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure
clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds
registered as a nursing home attached to such
establishments or where admission is arranged wholly
or partly for domestic reasons. (Excl13)
10. Dietary supplements and substances that can be
purchased without prescription, including but not
limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic substances
unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as part of
hospitalization claim or day care procedure. (Excl14)
11. Refractive Error (Excl15) Expenses related to the
treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive
error less than 7.5 dioptres.
12. Unproven Treatments (Excl16) :
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services
and supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or
supplies that lack significant medical documentation to
support their effectiveness.
13. Sterility and Infertility (Excl17) Expenses related to
sterility and infertility. This includes: a) Any type of
contraception, sterilization b) Assisted Reproduction
services including artificial insemination and advanced
reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI c)
Gestational Surrogacy d) Reversal of sterilization
14. Maternity (Excl 18) :
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth
(including complicated deliveries and caesarean
sections incurred during hospitalization) except
ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an
accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy
during the policy period.
Specific Exclusions
i. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic
surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants,
orthodontics, surgery of any kind unless as a result of
Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also
requiring hospitalization.
ii. Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies,
growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or
surgery except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone
marrow transplant for haematological conditions.
iii. Intentional self-injury (including but not limited to the
use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
Note: This list is only indicative, please refer policy
wordings for complete list.
1. Treatment of cataracts
2. Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy
3. Hysterectomy
4. Menorrhagia
5. Fibromyoma
6. D&C
7. Endometriosis
8. Hernia of all types
9. Hydrocele
10. Fistulae
1. Haemorrhoids
2. Fissure in ano
3. Stones in the Urinary and Biliary systems
4. Surgery on ears
5. Tonsils or Sinuses
6. Skin and all internal tumours/cysts/nodules/polyps of
any kind including breast lumps
7. Gastric or Duodenal ulcer
8. Backache
9. Prolapsed Intervertebral disc
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by
Insurance Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of
Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly,
as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an
insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in
India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or
any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any
person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any
rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with
the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person
making default in complying with the provision of this section shall
be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ HOUSE, AIRPORT ROAD, YERAWADA,
PUNE - 411006. IRDA REG NO.: 113.
FOR ANY QUERY (TOLL FREE)
1800-209-0144 /1800-209-5858
www.bajajallianz.com
bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in
Policy holders can download Insurance Wallet for one -touch access Available on:
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales
brochure before concluding a sale.
Note: It is mandatory to keep updated your policy with your correct contact
details and bank account details, to process any of your service requests
faster and hassle-free. To update your contact details i.e., Mobile No., Email
ID, PAN Card, and Bank Account details, please use chatbot, visit our
website, contact your agent or nearest branch.
CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329
BAJAJ ALLIANZ
COMPLETE HEALTH PROTECTION
FOR YOU AND FAMILY
HOSPITAL CASH
DAILY ALLOWANCE
Revision/ Modification of the policy:
The Company, with prior approval of lRDAl, may revise or
modify the terms of the policy including the premium
rates. The insured person shall be notified three months
before the changes are effected.
Cancellation Portability Conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy
to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the
entire policy along with all the members of the family, if
any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than 60 days
from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines
related to portability. If such person is presently covered
and has been continuously covered without any lapses
under any health insurance policy with an Indian
General/Health insurer, the proposed insured person will
get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as
per IRDAIguidelines on portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_Lis
t.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Withdrawal of Policy
I. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in
future, the Company will intimate the insured person
about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to
similar health insurance product available with the
Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued
continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver
of waiting period. as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the
policy has been maintained without a break.
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written
notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk
period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been
made during the policy year.
Multi-year Policy:
For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium
will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in
full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment
Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a
pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance
coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy
cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination of the
Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of
premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the
grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by
providing 15 days' written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
The insured person will have the option to migrate the
policy to other health insurance products/plans offered by
the company by applying for migration of the policy
atleast 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI
guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently
covered and has been continuously covered without any
lapses under any health insurance product/plan offered
by the company, the insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI
guidelines on migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_Lis
t.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Migration
Grace period
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissible and the Policy will be considered as
continuous for the purpose of one year waiting period.
• Any medical expenses incurred as a result of disease
condition/ Accident contracted during the break period
will not be admissible under the policy.
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of
fraud, misrepresentation by the insured person.
i. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal.
However, the Company is not under obligation to give any
notice for renewal.
ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured
person had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy
years.
iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be
received by the Company before the end of the policy
period.
iv. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate
and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days to
maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy.
Coverage is not available during the grace period.
v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual
claims experience.
Condition for renewal of the contract.
ii) where the risk has already commenced and the option of
return of the policy is exercised by the insured person, a
deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for
period of cover or
iii) Where only a part of the insurance coverage has
c ommenc ed, such pr opo rti ona t e pr emium
commensurate with the insurance coverage during such
period
Annual Premium chart:
Family discount: 5%
Premiums are exclusive of GST
Premium for 30 days cover
Option Sum
Insured
90 days25 yrs
A 1200
B 1800
C 3600
D 4600
500/-
1000/-
2000/-
. 2500/-
250
300
600
800
400
600
850
1,100
650
900
1700
2600
900
1300
2800
3500
26-
40 yrs
41
50 yrs
51
55 yrs
56 yrs
& above
Premium for 60 days cover
Option
Sum
Insured
90 days25 yrs
A 1600
B 3000
C 4800
D 5800
500
1000
2000
2500
300
500
1000
1350
525
825
1500
1800
850
1800
3600
4200
1200
2400
4400
5000
26-
40 yrs
41-
50 yrs
51-
55 yrs
56 yrs
& above
Premiums are exclusive of GST