• For renewals received after completion of 30 days grace period, a fresh
application should be submitted to Us, it would be processed as per a new
business proposal.
• Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent continuation of
cover are subject to change with prior approval from IRDA.
• This Policy may be cancelled by Us or on Our behalf at any time, on
grounds of mis-representation, fraud, non-disclosure of material facts or
Your non-cooperation, by giving You at least 15 days written notice and in
such event We shall refund to You a pro-rata premium for the unexpired
Policy Period. No refund of premium shall be due on cancellation if a
claim has been made under this Policy.
• This Policy may be cancelled by You at any time by giving at least 15 days
written notice to Us. We will refund premium on a pro-rata basis by
reference to the time cover is provided, subject to a minimum retention
of premium of 25%. No refund of premium shall be due on cancellation if
a claim has been under this Policy.
Grace Period
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous coverage.
• Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break period
will not be admissible under the policy.
When Can Sum Insured Be Enhanced
Sum Insured enhancement can be done at renewals.
Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, If you are insured under any
other Personal Accident policy of Non life insurer you can transfer to
Personal Accident policy with all your accrued benefits after due allowances
for waiting periods and enjoy all the available benefits of Personal Accident.
Revision/ Modification Of The Policy
There is possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions, coverages
or premiums of this product at any time in future, with appropriate approval
from IRDA. In such an event of revision/ modification of the product,
intimation shall be sent out to all the existing insured members at least 3
months prior to the date of such revision/modification comes into the effect.
Withdrawal Of Policy
There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future with
appropriate approval from IRDA, as We reserve Our right to do so with a
intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an event
of withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this
Policy, You can choose, among Our available similar and closely similar
Personal Accident Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new
product, You will be charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for
such chosen new product, as approved by IRDA.
Claims Process
1. Call Our Toll Free No. 1-800-2095858
2. Submit completely filled Claim Form at the nearest Bajaj Allianz
General Insurance Office
Disclaimer: The above mentioned information is only indicative in nature. For details of
the coverage and exclusions, please refer to the policy wordings.
Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited and Allianz SE.
Both enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability and strength. This joint
venture company incorporates global expertise with local experience. The
comprehensive, innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and
experience of Allianz SE, and indepth market knowledge and goodwill of
“Bajaj brand” in India. Competitive pricing and quick honest response have
earned the company the customer's trust and market leadership in a very
short time.
Loan Care
Loan Care is a unique insurance policy designed by Us exclusively for the
benefit of loan borrowers, like You. Loan Care covers a plethora of risks and
provides a comprehensive protection in the event of an unfortunate
incident. Enjoy a perfect insurance solution with Loan Care and Jiyo
Befikar!
Coverage
1. Personal Accident Cover
In case of any accidental bodily injury sustained by You during the Policy
Period that results in Death or Permanent Total Disability within 12 months,
We will pay 100% of the Sum Insured (for death) or 125% of the Sum Insured
(for Permanent Total Disability) to You or to Your nominee.
Additional insurance under Personal Accident Cover:
a) Transportation: If We have accepted a claim under Personal Accident
Cover for Death, then We will pay towards the actual cost of transporting
Your remains from the place of death to a hospital, residence, cremation
ground or burial ground. The amount We pay will be limited to the lower
of `5,000/- and 2% of the Sum Insured.
b) Children’s Education Benefit: If We have accepted a claim under
Personal Accident Cover for Death or Permanent Total Disability, then
We will make a one time payment of `5,000/- each towards the cost of
education of upto 2 of Your dependent children who were under the age
of 19 at the date You met with the accidental bodily injury.
c) Daily Allowance Cover: If You were hospitalized due to an accidental
bodily injury occurring during the Policy Period and provided a claim has
been accepted under Personal Accident Cover for Death or Permanent
Total Disability, then We will pay You `1000 for each complete calendar
day of hospitalization for a maximum of 30 calendar days during the
Policy Period.
Exclusions
We will not be liable for any claim arising out of:
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that You meet with:
a. Through suicide, attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or illness.
b. While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
c. Arising or resulting from You committing any breach of law with
criminal intent.
d. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into,
dismounting from or travelling in any balloon or aircraft other than
as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed
standard type of aircraft anywhere in the world.
e. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor
vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
f. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that You carry
out or have carried out on Your body.
g. Arising out of Your participation in any naval, military or air force
operations whether in the form of military exercises or war games or
actual engagement with the enemy, whether foreign or domestic.
2. Your consequential losses of any kind or Your actual or alleged legal
liability.
3. Any injury/disablement/death directly or indirectly arising out of or
contributed to any pre-existing condition.
4. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases.
5. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness
including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) and/or
mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused.
6. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications
arising out of any of these.
7. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign
enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, mutiny, military or usurped
power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or
nationalisation or requisition of or damage by or under the order of any
government or public local authority.
8. Nuclear energy, radiation.
2. EMI Payment Cover
In the event of You becoming unemployed during the Policy Period due to
termination of Your service by Your employer for any reason whatsoever
other than a cause specifcally excluded, the Policy will pay an amount
commensurating with Your contribution in three (3) EMI of Your loan
account specifed in the Schedule or lesser if You get re-employed earlier.
Please note that this cover will be offered only to Salaried Persons.
Exclusions
We will not be liable for any claim arising out of:
1. Your unemployment if it occurred before the commencement of the
Policy Period.
2. Your unemployment if You knew it to be impending at commencement
of the Policy Period.
3. An insurable event which commences within 90 days of
commencement of the Policy Period.
4. Your unemployment if it follows a period of casual, temporary or
occasional work.
5. Your unemployment if it occurs due to a normal or seasonal occurrence
which is a regular feature of the employment.
6. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of termination of service as a
result of the non-renewal of the contract of employment between You
and Your employer on its expiry or of such contract being terminated
under a stipulation in that behalf contained therein.
7. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of termination of service on the
grounds of a Pre-Existing Ailment or Disease.
8. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of Your voluntary retirement.
9. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of You reaching Your
retirement age, as per the provisions of the contract of employment
between You and Your employer.
10. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of termination of service due to:
a. Your misconduct
b. Criminal or fraudulent acts in which You were involved
c. You breaking a condition of the contract of employment
d. An industrial action in which You were involved
11. Your unemployment if You refuse any offer of reasonable alternative
employment by Your employer.
12. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of You being on family leave or
sick leave due to childbirth or pregnancy.
13. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of intentional self-inflicted injuries.
14. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of intake of alcohol or drugs.
15. Your unemployment if it arises directly or indirectly from war, revolution,
Policy Period Premium Rates
(excluding Service Tax)
Base Price
Premium Rate for
Salaried Persons
Premium Rate for
Self-Employed Persons
1 year
`40
1.79%o
1.08%o
2 years
`75
3.49%o
2.12%o
3 years
`115
5.16%o
3.13%o
riot or any similar event.
16. Your unemployment if it arises directly or indirectly from radioactive
contamination from ionising radiation or contamination from any
nuclear fuel, or from any nuclear waste.
17. Your unemployment if it arises directly or indirectly from burning
nuclear fuel, or the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other dangerous
effect of any explosive nuclear equipment or part of that equipment.
18. Your unemployment if it arises as a result of the place of employment or
part thereof being temporary closed down for a period not exceeding
ninety (90) days due to layoff, lockout, strike or any other reason.
19. We will not cover any period of unemployment if You are self-employed.
20. Your consequential losses of any kind or Your actual or alleged legal liability
Eligible Members
Loan Care is available exclusively for the loan borrowers whose age is
between 18 years and 65 years.
Sum Insured
The Sum Insured for Personal Accident Cover under Loan Care shall be equal
to the sanctioned loan amount or 60 times of Your monthly income,
whichever is lower.
Policy Period
The Policy Period of Loan Care proposal shall be equal to the loan tenure,
subject to a minimum of 1 year and a maximum of 3 Years.
Premium Rates
Premium Calculation
Depending on the Policy Period and Your occupation status, premium for
Loan Care proposal would be calculated as per the following details:
a. Net Premium (excluding S.T.) = (Base Price) + (Premium Rate (%o) * Sum
Insured)
b. Service Tax = Net Premium * Applicable S.T. Rate
c. Total Premium = Net Premium + Service Tax
Free Look Period
If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and conditions,
You have the option of canceling the policy within 30 days of receipt of the
first year policy documents, provided there has been no claim.
Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
Renewal And Cancellation
• Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the
grounds of Your moral hazard, misrepresentation or fraud.
• In case of Our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous coverage. Any claim
incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break period will not be
admissible under the policy