◼ INTRODUCTION
 Vector borne diseases account for a large chunk of infectious
diseases. Mosquito being the most common carrier. Bajaj Allianz
brings to you a one stop solution for taking care of the most
common vector borne ailments.
◼ WHAT ARE THE SUM ASSURED OPTIONS?
• INR 10000
• INR 15000
• INR 25000
• INR 50000
• INR 75000
◼ WHAT IS THE ENTRY AGE?
 Minimum Entry age for proposer/ spouse/ dependent parents – 18
years
 Maximum Entry age for proposer/ spouse/ dependent parents –
65 years
Minimum Entry age for dependent children – 0 days
◼ WHAT IS RENEWAL AGE?
 Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
under the policy, except on the grounds of Your moral hazard,
misrepresentation, non- cooperation or fraud.
◼ WHAT IS THE POLICY PERIOD?
This is an annual policy.
◼ WHAT IS PREMIUM PAYING TERM?
Annual
◼ IS THIS A FLOATER POLICY / INDIVIDUAL POLICY?
Policy provides Individual as well as Floater sum insured option
◼ WHO CAN BE COVERED UNDER THIS POLICY?
Self, Spouse, Dependent Children & Dependent Parents
◼ COVERAGE
 If the Insured or the Insured Person(s), as the case may be
diagnosed as suffering from a Vector Borne disease listed below
which first occurs or manifests itself during the Policy Period, the
Company shall pay a lump sum Benefit, as specified under the
Policy Schedule, subject to Sum Insured limits, terms, conditions,
definitions and exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in the
Policy Schedule.
1. Dengue Fever
2. Malaria
3. Filariasis(Payable only once in a lifetime)
4. Kala Azar
5. Chikungunya
6. Japanese Encephalitis
7. Zika Virus
Benefit Payable
• Individual Sum Assured policies
 If We pay the claim for any of the listed vector borne diseases then
this Policy shall cease for the named Insured or Insured Persons, as
the case may be.
• Floater Sum Assured Policies
i Family floater Policy covering 2 members
 If We pay the claim for any one of the named Insured Persons for
the listed vector borne diseases then the Policy shall cease for both
the named Insured Persons.
ii Family Floater Policy covering more than 2 members
 If We pay the claim for any one of the Named Insured Persons for
the listed vector borne diseases then the Policy shall cease for the
Named Insured Person for whom the claim has been paid, and
the Policy shall continue for rest of the Insured Persons covered
under the Policy, however after payment of second claim for other
Insured Persons the Policy would cease for all Insured Persons.
◼ EXCLUSIONS UNDER THE POLICY
I. Waiting Period
1. Any of the listed vector borne disease diagnosed within the first 15
days of the date of commencement of the Policy is excluded. This
exclusion shall not apply to an Insured/Insured Persons, as the case
may be, for whom coverage has been renewed without a break,
for subsequent years provided there are NIL claims in the previous
Policies.
2. If the Policy is opted after occurrence of any of the listed vector
borne diseases, a 60 days waiting period shall be applicable for the
specific ailment from date of previous admission.
 However once a benefit is paid during the Policy Period and the
Named Insured renews the Policy, in such scenario for the renewal
Policy, 60 days waiting period from date of previous admission
would apply for the specific ailment of which a claim has been paid.
3. If the Policy is renewed within 60 days from the date of admission
of the previously paid claim for the named Insured/Insured
Persons, as the case may be, a 60 days cooling off period shall apply
for the same ailment in the renewed policy opted, however there
would be no waiting period for other listed vector borne diseases.
4. If the Policy is renewed post 60 days from the date of admission of
the previously paid claim for the named Insured/Insured Persons,
as the case may be, then a fresh waiting period of 15 days shall
apply for all listed vector borne diseases.
II. General Exclusions
1. Any Treatment other than for vector borne diseases as listed
coverage section.
2. Admission to hospital for less than 24 hours.
3. Diagnosis and treatment outside India. However, this exclusion
shall not be applicable in the below listed countries:
New Zealand Japan
Singapore Canada
Switzerland Dubai
USA Hong Kong
Malaysia Countries of the European Union
◼ FREE LOOK PERIOD
 You have a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of the first
policy document to review the terms and conditions of this Policy.
If You have any objections to any of the terms and conditions, You
have the option of canceling the Policy stating the reasons for
cancellation.
 If you have not made any claim during the Free Look period, you
shall be entitled to refund of premium subject to,
• a deduction of the expenses incurred by Us on Your medical
examination, stamp duty charges, if the risk has not commenced,
• a deduction of the stamp duty charges, medical examination
charges & proportionate risk premium for period on cover, If the
risk has commenced
• a deduction of such proportionate risk premium commensurating
with the risk covered during such period ,where only a part of risk
has commenced
• Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
◼ RENEWAL
1. Renewal with Nil Claims
i Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
under the Policy except on the grounds of fraud, misrepresentation
or moral hazard or non-co-operation by the Insured/Insured
Persons or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used or
Upon the occurrence of an event of Vector Borne disease.
ii In case of our own Company’s renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous for the
purpose of waiting period. Any claim incurred as a result of Insured
disease contracted during the break period will not be admissible
under the Policy.
iii For renewals received after completion of 30 days grace period, a
fresh application of health insurance should be submitted to Us, it
would be processed as per a new business proposal.
iv Premium payable or any changes in terms & conditions on
renewal and on subsequent continuation of cover are subject to
change with prior approval from IRDA
2. Renewal upon admission of a claim:
i Upon payment of claim the Insured has option to renew the Policy
with immediate effect or on a later date as per below terms &
conditions
a. If the Policy is renewed within 60 days from the date of admission
of the previously paid claim for the named insured a 60 days
cooling off period shall apply for the same ailment in the new
Policy opted, however there would be no waiting period for other
listed vector borne diseases
b. If the Policy is renewed post 60 days from the date of admission
of the previously paid claim for the named insured then a fresh
waiting period of 15 days shall apply for all listed vector borne
diseases
ii For Lymphatic Filariasis, once the sum assured is paid for any life,
no other claim for this particular condition shall be paid to the
Named insured in the entire lifetime
For example,
 Scenario 1- Individual Policy and family floater with Self +
Spouse
 If Policyholder has bought the Policy on 01 Jan 2018 and Malaria
is diagnosed on 01 Feb 2018. He will be paid full sum assured
(subject to fulfilment of other terms and conditions) and the Policy
will terminate.
 He will now have an option to renew the cover for 100% of
sum assured for all covered conditions immediately after the
termination of the previous Policy. He will be covered for all
conditions except Malaria from day 1 of the new Policy. However
he will be covered for Malaria with effect from 03 April 2018 (60
days post date of previous admission i.e. 01 Feb 2018).
Scenario 2- Family Floater with Self, Spouse and Children
 If Insured has bought the family floater policy for himself, his wife
and 2 children on 01 Jan 2018 and Malaria is diagnosed on 01
Feb 2018. He will be paid full sum assured (subject to fulfilment
of other terms and conditions) and the coverage would cease for
named insured, however the Policy shall continue for rest of the
members covered under the Policy. After payment of second claim
for other Insured Persons the Policy would cease for all members
 For both scenarios mentioned above the named insured against
whom a claim has been paid will now have an option to renew
the cover for 100% of sum assured for all covered conditions
immediately after the termination of the previous Policy. He will
be covered for all conditions except Malaria from day 1 of the new
Policy. However he will be covered for Malaria with effect from
03 April 2018 (60 days post date of previous admission i.e. 01 Feb
2018).
◼ CANCELLATION
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice
of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the premium for
the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period
will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be
refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy
years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment
Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a prorata basis, provided no claim has been made during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance coverage
has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised
by the Policyholder, then expenses incurred by the Company on
medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted
before refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of
misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts, or fraud by the
Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice.
There will be no refund of premium for cancellations on these
grounds.
◼ PORTABILITY CONDITIONS
i Retail Policies: As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDAI,
applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers who were
holding similar retail Vector Borne Diseases policies of other nonlife insurers.
ii Group Policies: As per the Portability Guidelines issued by
IRDAI, applicable benefits shall be passed on to customers
who were insured under a Group M-Care Policy of Company
and are availing an M-Care Policy of Company. However, such
benefits shall be applicable only in the event of discontinuation/
non-renewal of the Group M-Care Policy (applicable for both
employer-employee relationships and non-employer-employee
relationships) and/or the particular customer leaving the group
on account of resignation/ retirement (applicable for employeremployee relationships) or termination of relationship with the
Group Administrator (applicable for non-employer-employee
relationships).
◼ REVISION/ MODIFICATION OF THE POLICY
 There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions,
coverages and/or premiums of this product at any time in future,
with appropriate approval from IRDAI. In such an event of revision/
modification of the product, intimation shall be set out to all the
existing Insured Persons at least 3 months prior to the date of such
revision/modification comes into the effect.
◼ MIGRATION OF POLICY
• The insured can opt for migration of Policy to our other similar or
closely similar products at the time of renewal.
• The premium will be charged as per Our Underwriting Policy
for such chosen new product, and all the guidelines, terms and
condition of the chosen product shall be applicable.
• Suitable credit of continuity/waiting periods for all the previous
olicy years would be extended in the new Policy, provided the
Policy has been maintained without a break
◼ WITHDRAWAL OF POLICY
 There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in
future with appropriate approval from IRDAI, as We reserve Our
right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing 
Insured Persons. In such an event of withdrawal of this product,
at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose,
among Our available similar and closely similar Health insurance
products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be
charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such
chosen new product, as approved by IRDAI.
 Provided however, if You do not respond to Our intimation
regarding the withdrawal of the product under which this Policy is
issued, then this Policy shall be withdrawn and shall not be available
to You for renewal on the renewal date and accordingly upon Your
seeking renewal of this Policy, You shall have to take a Policy under
available new products of Us subject to Your paying the Premium
as per Our Underwriting Policy for such available new product
chosen by You and also subject to Portability condition.
◼ PREMIUM CHART
Premiums are exclusive of GST
Premium (in INR)
SI (in INR) Individual
10,000 160
15,000 240
25,000 400
50,000 800
75,000 1,200
Premium (in INR)
SI
(in INR) Self +Spouse
Self+ Spouse+
2 members
(Child and or
parents)
Self+ Spouse+
4 members
(Child and or
parents)
10,000 240 320 400
15,000 360 480 600
25,000 600 800 1,000
50,000 1,200 1,600 2,000
75,000 1,800 2,400 3,000
No of claims
Payable 1 claim 2 claims 2 claims
◼ DISCOUNT
1. Online Discount
 20% discount applicable if customer buys the policy from our
website
2. Employee discount
20% discount is applicable for employees of our Company.
◼ CLAIM PROCESS
A. Cashless Claims Procedure:
 Cashless treatment is only available at Network Hospitals subject
to cashless authorisation and Limit of Benefits. In order to avail of
cashless treatment, the following procedure must be followed by
You or your representative:
i Prior to taking treatment and/or incurring Medical Expenses at a
Network Hospital, You must call Us and request pre-authorisation
by way of the written form.
ii In case of Emergency hospitalization, You/the Insured Person/
Insured Representative shall intimate such admission within 24
hours of such hospitalization
iii On receipt of your pre-authorization form duly filled and signed
by you, our representative then will respond, within 2 hours, with
Approval, Rejection or an more information.
iv If the procedure above is followed, You will not be required to
directly pay for the bill amount in the Network Hospital that We
are liable under Section Coverage above and the original bills and
evidence of treatment in respect of the same shall be left with
the Network Hospital. Pre-authorisation does not guarantee that
all costs and expenses will be covered. The maximum amount
payable would be restricted as specified under the plan opted
shown on the Schedule subject to Limitation of Benefits. We
reserve the right to review each claim for Medical Expenses and
accordingly coverage will be determined according to the terms
and conditions of this Policy.
v In case the hospital bill amount is lower than the payable benefit,
We will directly pay You the difference between the benefit
payable and the hospital bill amount. However, if the hospital bill
amount is higher than the payable benefit/Limitation of Benefit,
You will be required to settle the balance hospital bill on Your own.
vi After considering Your request and after obtaining any further
information or documentation We have sought, We may, if
satisfied, send You or the Network Hospital, an authorisation letter.
The authorisation letter, the ID card issued to You along with this
Policy and any other information or documentation that We have
specified must be produced to the Network Hospital identified in
the pre-authorization letter at the time of Your admission to the
same.
B. Reimbursement Claims Procedure
 If Pre-authorisation is denied by Us or if treatment is taken in a
Hospital other than a Network Hospital or if You do not wish to avail
cashless facility, then:
i You or someone claiming on Your behalf must inform Us in writing
immediately within 48 hours of diagnosis of any of the listed vector
borne ailments
ii You must immediately consult a Doctor and follow the advice and
treatment that he recommends.
iii You must have Yourself examined by Our medical advisors if We
ask for this, and as often as We consider this to be necessary at Our
cost.
iv You or someone claiming on Your behalf must promptly and in any
event within 30 days of diagnosis of any of the listed vector borne
ailment /discharge from the Hospital (if admitted) give Us the
documentation as per the claims documents list specified below.
 Claim documents to be submitted for claim
i Claim Form duly signed by the insured along with NEFT Form
signed by the Claimant
ii Copy of Discharge Summary / Discharge Certificate
iii Attested copies of Indoor case papers (if available)
iv Copy of Final Hospital Bill
v All required Investigation Reports
vi Medical certification from specialist
vii In cases where a fraud is suspected, We may call for any additional
document(s) in addition to the documents listed above
viii Aaadhar card & PAN card Copies is as per the IRDAI guidelines read
with.
 Please send the documents on below address
 Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company
 2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, Behind Weikfield IT park, Off Nagar
Road, Viman Nagar, Pune 411014
 Toll free: 1800-103-2529, 1800-22-5858
 Grievance Redressal Cell for Senior Citizens
 Senior Citizen Cell for Insured Person who are Senior Citizens
• Good things come with time’ and so for our customers who are
above 60 years of age we have created special cell to address any
health insurance related query. Our senior citizen customers can
reach us through the below dedicated channels to enable us to
service them promptly
 Health toll free number: 1800-103-2529 • Exclusive Email address:
seniorcitizen@bajajallianz.co.in
◼ SECTION 41 OF INSURANCE ACT 1938 AS AMENDED BY
INSURANCE LAWS AMENDMENT ACT, 2015 (PROHIBITION OF
REBATES)
 No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly,
as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an
insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property
in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable
or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any
person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any
rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with
the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person
making default in complying with the provision of this section shall
be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.
◼ BENEFIT ILLUSTRATION IN RESPECT OF POLICIES OFFERED ON FLOATER BASIS
Age of the
members to be
insured
Coverage opted on Individual Basis covering
each member of the family separately (at a
single point in time)
Coverage opted on individual basis covering multiple
members of the family under as single policy (Sum
Insured is available for each member of the family)
Coverage opted on floater basis with overall Sum
Insured (Only one sum insured is available for the
entire family)
Premium Sum Insured Premium Discount
Premium
after
discount
Sum
Insured
Premium or
consolidated
premium for
all members
of family
Floater
discount if
any
Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured
45 NA NA
NA NA NA NA 480 NA
15,000
15,000 40 NA NA
20 NA NA 15,000
18 NA NA 15,000
NA NA Total premium when policy is opted on floater basis is
Rs 480 (No discount applicable)
NA NA
Sum Insured of Rs 30,000 is avaialble for the entire
family Only 2 claims will be payable in the above
scenario
Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustation shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the premium rates shall be exclusive of taxes
applicable.