Micro Care Accident and Hospital Cash Policy
• Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd. is a joint venture between Bajaj Finserv Limited and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a
reputation of expertise, stability and strength. This joint venture company incorporates global expertise with local
experience. The comprehensive, innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and experience of Allianz SE, and
indepth market knowledge and goodwill of “Bajaj brand” in India. Competitive pricing and quick honest response have
earned the company the customer's trust and market leadership in a very short time.
• Introduction
Life is uncertain. Your future doesn’t have to be. The accidental death or injury leading to permanent total disablement of
a breadwinner, and even hospitalization due to sickness and accident can create serious financial problems for the family.
Our Micro Care Guards ensures total security and peace of mind even if natural calamities like fire, storm, flood cyclone,
earthquake strike to poor vulnerable people.
• Scope of Cover
SECTION I
A. Personal Accident
This insurance will pay to the Insured (or in case of death, to the nominee) the amount shown against the table of
benefits, if the Insured shall sustain any bodily Injury resulting solely and directly from accident caused by outward
violent and visible means and such bodily Injury within the twelve calendar months of its occurrence be the sole and
direct cause of:
Table of Benefits Sum Insured Payable
A Death 100% of Sum Insured
B Total and irrecoverable loss of both eyes, or total and
irrecoverable loss of use of two hands or two feet or one hand
and one foot due to physical separation from the body, or for
such loss of sight of one eye and such loss of use of one hand,
one foot due to physical separation from the body
100% of Sum Insured
C Total and irrecoverable loss of sight of one eye or loss of use of
one hand or foot.
50% of Sum Insured
D If such injury shall as a direct consequence thereof
immediately, permanently, totally and absolutely disable the/ an
insured person from engaging in being occupied with or giving
attention to paid employment or occupation
100% of Sum Insured
B. Funeral Expenses. If we have accepted a claim for accidental death then we will make one time payment an
amount of Rs.2000/- for funeral expenses.
C. Education Bonus: If we have accepted a claim for accidental death then we will make one time payment of Rs
5000/- each towards the cost of education for one of your dependent child who is under the age of 19 at the date you
met with Accidental Bodily Injury.
D. Hospitalization Due To Accident: In the event of insured being hospitalized due to accidental injury, the company
will pay the expenses incurred by the insured up to amount of Rs 1000/- only during the policy period.
E. WAGE LOSS: If you suffer from accidental bodily injury during the policy period for which you are hospitalized and
prevents you from engaging in your occupation then we will pay for loss of wages at the rate of Rs 120/- per day for
completed and continuous period of 24 hours and maximum for 5 days and maximum of Rs. 600/- during policy
period.
EXCLUSIONS:
The Company should not be liable under this policy for: -
1. Compensation under more than one of the foregoing clauses (a), (b), (c), or (d) of Section 1 A in respect of the same
injury or disablement of the /an Insured Person.
2. Any payment in excess of Sum Insured under the policy during any one-year of insurance, for any one Insured
person.
3. Payment of compensation in respect of injury or disablement directly or indirectly arising out of or contributed to by or
traceable to any disability existing on the date of taking of this policy.
4. Payment of Compensation in respect of death, disablement of the insured from (a) intentional self injury, suicide or
attempted suicide (b) that under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drug, (c) Directly or indirectly caused by insanity,
(d) Arising or resulting from the Insured committing any breach of the law with criminal intent.
5. Payment of Compensation in respect of Death, Disablement of the insured Person, due to or directly or indirectly
connected with or traceable to act of invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not) civil
war, rebellion, revolution insurrection, mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrests, restraints and
detainments of all kings, Princess and people of which so ever nation, condition or quality.
6. Payment of compensation in respect of death of/or disablement of the insured Person, directly or indirectly caused by
or contributed by or arising from or traceable to ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any source
whatsoever or from nuclear weapons material.
7. Payment of Compensation in respect of Death, Disablement of the insured person, due to or directly or indirectly
connected whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into, dismounting from or traveling in any balloon
or aircraft other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed standard type of aircraft anywhere
in the world.
8. Payment of Compensation in respect of Death, Disablement of the Insured Person, due to or directly or indirectly
connected whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
9. Payment of Compensation in respect of Death, Disablement of the insured Person, due to or directly or indirectly
connected as a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you carry out or have carried out on your body.
10. Payment of Compensation in respect of Death, Disablement of the Insured person, due to or directly or indirectly
connected Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air force operations whether in the form of military
exercises or war games or actual engagement with the enemy, whether foreign or domestic.
11. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged legal liability
12. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complication arising out of any of the foregoing
13. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases
14. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/ or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency
Syndrome) and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused.
F. Fire (Dwellings & Household Contents) — First Loss Cover
Fire Cover for Contents (excluding Valuables)
The Company will indemnify the Insured in respect of loss of or damage to Contents in the Insured Premises specified in
the Schedule against:
1. Fire
2. Lightning.
3. Explosion/implosion, excluding loss, destruction of or damage
4. Aircraft Damage
5. Riot, Strike, Malicious Damage
6. Storm, Cyclone, Typhoon, Tempest, Hurricane, Tornado, Flood and Inundation
7. Impact Damage
8. Subsidence and landslide including Rock slide
9. Bursting and/or overflowing of Water Tanks, Apparatus and Pipes
10. Missile Testing operations
11. Leakage from Automatic Sprinkler Installations
12. Bush Fire, excluding loss, destruction or damage caused by Forest Fire.
13. Earthquake
The Company shall not be liable for and no indemnity is available hereunder in respect of loss of or damage to:
a) Contents of a consumable nature;
b) motor vehicles, pedal cycles, or livestock
c) Valuables and/or Jewellery and/or Precious Items, unless specifically stated to the contrary in the
Schedule
SECTION II
HOSPITAL CASH
In the event of Accidental Bodily injury or Sickness first occurring or manifesting itself during the Policy Period and
causing the Insured’s or the Named Insured’s Hospitalization within the Policy Period, the Company will pay:
I) the Daily Allowance of Rs 300/ - Per Day for each continuous and completed period of 24 hours of Hospitalization
necessitated solely by reason of the said Accidental Bodily Injury or Sickness, or for a maximum period of 5 days for each
hospitalization.
The maximum daily allowance under this section payable to the Insured is Rs 1500/-.
The maximum period for which the daily allowance would be paid individually or collectively would not exceed 5 days
during the policy period.
EXCLUSION SPECIFIC TO SECTION II:
No Indemnity is available hereunder and no payment will be made by the Company for any claim directly or indirectly
caused by, based on , arising out of or howsoever attributable to any of the following:
1. Any Pre-existing disease
2. Any treatment not performed by a Physician or any treatment of a purely experimental nature.
3. Any and all variants of the condition commonly referred to as Cancer, except in case of invasive malignant
melanoma.
4. Any routine or prescribed medical check up or examination. Medical Expenses relating to any hospitalization for
diagnostic, X-ray or laboratory examinations not consistent with or incidental to the diagnosis and treatment of the
positive existence or presence of any Illness or accidental Bodily Injury for which hospitalization is required.
5. Any Sickness that has been classified as an Epidemic by the Central or State Government
6. Sickness requiring Hospitalization within the first 30 days from the commencement date of the Policy Period
unless the Policy is renewed without interruption and with the Company.
7. Without prejudice to Exclusion I above, the treatment of cataracts, benign prostatic hypertrophy, hysterectomy,
menorrhagia, fibromyoma, D&C, endometriosis, hernia of all types, hydrocele, fistulae, haemorrhoids, fissure in
ano, stones in the urinary and biliary systems, surgery on ears,tonsils or sinuses, skin and all internal
tumours/cysts/nodules/polyps of any kind including breast lumps, gastric or duodenal ulcer, back ache, prolapsed
intervertebral disc during the first year of a series of Daily Hospital Allowance Policies renewed with the Company
without interruption.
8. Circumcision, cosmetic or aesthetic treatments of any description change of life surgery or treatment, plastic
surgery (unless necessary for the treatment of Illness or accidental Bodily Injury as a direct result of the insured
event and performed within 6 months of the same).
9. Dental treatment or surgery of any kind unless necessitated by Accidental Bodily Injury.
10. Convalescence, general debility, nervous or other breakdown, rest cure, congenital diseases or defect or
anomaly, sterility, sterilization or infertility (diagnosis and treatment), any sanatoriums, spa or rest cures or long
term care or hospitalization undertaken as a preventive or recuperative measure.
11. Self afflicted injuries or conditions (attempted suicide), and/or the use or misuse of any drugs or alcohol.
12. Any sexually transmitted diseases or any condition directly or indirectly caused to or associated with Human TCeII Lymphotropic Virus type or any Syndrome or condition of a similar kind commonly referred to as AIDS.
13. Any diagnosis or treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy (whether uterine or extra uterine), childbirth
including caesarean section, medical termination of pregnancy and/or any treatment related to pre and post natal
care of the mother or the new born.
14. Hospitalization for the sole purpose of traction, physiotherapy or any ailment for which hospitalization is not
warranted due to advancement in medical technology
15. War, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution,
insurrection military or usurped power of civil commotion or loot or pillage in connection herewith.
16. Naval or military operations of the armed forces or air force and participation in operations requiring the use of
arms or which are ordered by military authorities for combating terrorists, rebels and the like.
17. Any natural peril including but not limited to avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions or any kind of natural
hazard).
18. Participation in any hazardous activity.
19. Radioactive contamination.
20. Non-allopathic treatment.
21. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of gain, business
interruption, market loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a pure financial nature such as loss of
goodwill or any legal liability of any kind whatsoever.
• What are Premium Rates, covers and benefits under the Policy?
The coverage is broadly divided in two plans:
Plan I- Care- Coverage is for Single member
Plan II- Care Plus- Coverage for Two Members of the family i.e. Member, Spouse or Parent in case of unmarried/ widow
insured member.
Premium Rates, Covers and benefits under the Policy:
RISK COVERED BENEFIT LIMITS
PLAN I PLAN II
SECTION I (Compulsory) MICRO CARE MICRO CARE PLUS
1 Death of Insured Member due
to Accident
Rs. 25000 Insured Rs. 25000 Insured
Rs. 25000 Spouse
2 Death of Insured spouse due
to Accident
Rs. 25000 Spouse Rs. 25000 Insured
Rs. 25000 Spouse
3 Permanent Total Disability of
Insured (Due to Accident)
Rs. 25000 Insured Rs. 25000 Insured
Rs. 25000 Spouse
4 Loss of Limb or Eye Sight
(Accidental)
Rs. 12500 Insured Rs. 12500 Insured
Rs. 12500 Spouse
5 Funeral Expenses Rs. 2000 Insured Rs. 2000 Insured
Rs. 2000 Spouse
6 Educational Grant to Child Rs. 5000 Insured Rs. 5000 Insured
Rs. 5000 Spouse
7 Hospital Expenses Arising Out
of Accident and or Accident
injury
Rs 1000 Insured Rs. 1000 Insured
Rs. 1000 Spouse
8 Wage loss during Hospitalized
Period due to Accident
Rs 120 per day
upto Rs. 600/-
Insured Rs 120 per day
upto Rs. 600/-
Insured
9 Loss or Damage to Household
& Other Assets of insured kept
in the home (excluding
valuables and Jewellary)
Upto Limit Rs.
5000
Upto a Limit Rs.
5000
10 GROSS PREMIUM Rs. 60/- Rs. 90/-
SECTION –II (OPTIONAL)
11 Hospital Cash (Up to Max 5
Days)- Rs 300 Per Day
SI 1500 Insured SI 1500 Each
Premium Rs 65/- Rs 110/-
12 Total Premium (Sec I +II) Rs 125/- Rs. 200/-
• Who is eligible for this Policy?
Any member of the self help group, community based organization, NGO, microfinance institutions; bank loan customers
can take this policy through their respective organization. The eligible age is minimum 18 years and maximum 70 years.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
Free Look Period
If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and conditions, You have the option of canceling the policy
within 30 days of receipt of the first year policy documents, provided there has been no claim.
Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
Renewal
Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except on the grounds of Your moral hazard,
misrepresentation or fraud.
In case of Our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible and the Policy will be considered as
continuous coverage. Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break period will not be
admissible under the policy.
Cancellation
(A) Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company
will refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no
claim has been made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any
deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that
policy year, provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been
made during the policy year.
(B) Additional Deductions - Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or
(ii) only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by
the Policyholder, then expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also
be deducted before refunding of premium.
(C) Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
When can I change Plans?
Plans can be changed at renewals.
Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, If you are insured under any other similar health policy of Non life
insurer you can transfer to this policy with all your accrued benefits after due allowances for waiting periods and
enjoy all the available benefits.
Revision/ Modification of the policy:
There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions, coverages and/or premiums of this product at any
time in future, with appropriate approval from IRDA. In such an event of revision/ modification of the product,
intimation shall be set out to all the existing insured members at least 3 months prior to the date of such
revision/modification comes into the effect
Withdrawal of Policy
There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future with appropriate approval from IRDA, as We
reserve Our right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In such an event of
withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among Our available
similar and closely similar Insurance products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be charged the
Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new product, as approved by IRDA.
• How do I submit my claim?
If you meet with an accident and injure any part of body that may result in a claim, you or someone claiming on your
behalf must inform your organization / us in writing immediately and in any event within 14 days.
In case of death due to accident, the same must be informed to us in writing immediately and send us copy of post
mortem report within 14 days.
• What are the steps to be taken?
You must immediately consult a Doctor and follow the advice and treatment that he recommends.
You or someone claiming on your behalf must promptly give us the documentation and other information we ask for to
investigate the claim or our obligation to make payment for it.
• How soon I can get my compensation? What is mode of payment?
Bajaj Allianz believes in quick processing. Claims are processed within seven working fays from the date of fulfilling all
the requirements.
• Who is entitled to get the payment?
The payment will be made to you or your nominee. If there is no nominee and you are incapacitated or deceased, we
will pay your heir, executor or validity appointed legal representative and any payment we make in this way will be a
complete and final discharge of our liability to make payment.
• CLAIMS PROCESS
1. Call Our Toll Free No. 1-800-2095858
2. Submit completely filled Claim Form at the nearest Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Office
Disclaimer: The above mentioned information is only indicative in nature. For details of the coverage and exclusions,
please refer to the policy wordings.