+ Who can be covered under the Policy?
Self, Spouse and dependent children can be covered under this policy.
+ What is covered under Personal Accident Insurance Policy?
Personal Accident Insurance Policy coverage is broadly divided in
3 sections Basic, Wider , Comprehensive and two add on covers
medical expenses , Hospital confinement allowance , details and
coverage of each section is given below:-
• Permanent Partial Disability (PPD) - As per the table given below
• Medical Expenses due to accidental injury - If the claim is
• Death – 100% of Sum Insured
• Children's Education bonus in case of Death or Permanent
Total disability of proposer - onetime payment of Rs.5,000/-
each towards the cost of education of up to 2 of your
dependent children who were under the age of 19 on the date
you met with Accidental Bodily Injury.
• Temporary Total Disability (TTD) - 1% of the Sum Insured or
Rs5000/- per week, whichever is lesser
• Transportation of mortal remains - lower of Rs.5,000/- and
2% of the sums assured shown under the schedule headings
Basic, Wider and Comprehensive.
• Hospital Confinement Allowance - If the claim is accepted
under Death, Permanent Total Disability (PTD) , Permanent
Partial Disability (PPD), Temporary Total Disability (TTD)
thenwe will pay you Rs 1000/- per 24 hours of hospitalization,
maximum up to 30 days per policy period
+ What are the benefits under this policy?
• Permanent Total Disability (PTD) – Highest compensation of
125% of Sum Insured
In case of permanent partial disablement, we will pay the percentage,
of the sum assured as applicable given in the table below
accepted under Death, Permanent Total Disability (PTD) ,
Permanent Partial Disability (PPD), Temporary Total Disability
(TTD) then reimbursement of the cost of medical expenses
due to accidental injury up to 40% of valid claim amount or
actual medical bills, whichever is lesser
• Cumulative Bonus -If You renew Your Personal Accident
Insurance Policy with Us without any break in the Policy Period
and there has been no claim in the preceding year, then We
will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 10% of Sum Assured per
annum as Cumulative Bonus,
+ Permanent Partial Disablement table:
The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of Indemnity
will be limited to 5 years and 50% of Sum Assured.
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that You meet with:
d. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting
into, dismounting from or travelling in any balloon or aircraft
b. While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
I. General Exclusion
c. Arising or resulting from the insured person(s) committing
any breach of law with criminal intent.
a. Through suicide, attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or
illness.
+ What are the important exclusions under this policy?
6. Nuclear energy, radiation.
other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any
duly licensed standard type of aircraft anywhere in the world.
5. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of
foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, mutiny,
military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or
detainment, confiscation or nationalisation or requisition of or
damage by or under the order of any government or public
local authority.
f. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you
carry out or have carried out on your body.
2. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged
legal liability.
+ Special Conditions:
Free Look Period
• If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and
conditions, You have the option of canceling the policy
within 30 days of receipt of the first year policy documents,
provided there has been no claim.
• Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
Conditions for renewal of the contract
• Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused
except on the grounds of Your moral hazard,
isrepresentation or fraud
• For age 66years and above, renewal Sum insured would be
restricted to lower of Rs10lacs (under Basic and or Wider)
or expiring policy sum insured under Basic and / or Wider
sections.
• However renewals can be considered with higher sum
insured subject to submission of requisite documentation to
ascertain commensuration of income.
• In case of Our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous
coverage. Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury
during the break period will not be admissible under the
policy.
e. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a
motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
g. Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air
force operations whether in the form of military exercises or
war games or actual engagement with the enemy, whether
foreign or domestic.
3. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases.
4. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or
complications arising out of any of these.
Policy can be paid on installment basis-Annual, Half Yearly,
Quarterly or Monthly
◼ What is the premium paying term?
+ The Bajaj Allianz Advantage
+ Bajaj Allianz
Life is uncertain. Your future doesn't have to be. The accidental
death or injury of a breadwinner can create serious financial
problems for the family. Our Personal Accident Insurance policy
ensures total security and peace of mind.
+ What is the entry age under this policy?
Entry age for Proposer and Spouse is 18 to 65 years.
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture
between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj
Auto Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise,
stability and strength. This joint venture company incorporates
global expertise with local experience. The comprehensive,
innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and
experience of more than 110 year old Allianz SE, and indepth
market knowledge and good will of Bajaj. Competitive pricing and
quick honest response have earned the company the customer's
trust and market leadership in a very short time.
Dependent Children can be covered from 5years to 21years.
+ Personal Accident Insurance Policy:
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years
+ What will be the renewal age?
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
under the policy except on the grounds of fraud, misrepresentation
or moral hazard.
+ WHAT IS THE POLICY PERIOD?
An arm at the shoulder joint
An arm above the elbow joint
Sense of smell
Sense of taste
A leg up to mid-calf
A hand at the wrist
Any other finger
A leg above mid-thigh
An index finger
A leg up to beneath the knee
A foot at the ankle
A thumb
Any other toe
A leg up to mid-thigh
A large toe
An arm beneath the elbow joint
An eye
Hearing of one ear
Hearing of both ears
70 %
65 %
60 %
50 %
75 %
60 %
10 %
20 %
40 %
50 %
5 %
5 %
30 %
5 %
55 %
45 %
10 %
70 %
2 %


Details
Capital SI not
to exceed
120 times of
average
Monthly
Income
Coverage
Rs 1000/-
per 24 hours of
hospitalization,
maximum up to 30
days per policy
period
NA NA
Hospital
Confinement
Allowance
Death+PTD+
PPD+TTD Comprehensive
Death+
PTD+PPD Wider
Death
Eligiblity
Basic
Max. 24 times of
Monthly Incomeor
maximum of Rs 5 Lakhs
Reimbursement
up to 40% of valid
claim amount or
Rs. 5lac, whichever
is less
NA NA Medical
Expenses
Max. 60 times of
Monthly Income
Max. 100 times of
Monthly Income
subject to maximum
 of Rs 25 Lakhs
Cancellation


A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written
notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk
period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been
made during the policy year.
Multi-year Policy:
For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium
will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and
in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on
Instalment Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a
pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance
coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy
cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination of the
Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of
premium.
• For renewals received after completion of 30 days grace
period, a fresh application of health insurance should be
submitted to Us, it would be processed as per a new
business proposal.
• After the completion of maximum renewal age of
dependent children, the policy would be renewed for
lifetime. However a separate proposal form should be
submitted to us at the time of renewal with the insured
member as proposer. Suitable credit of continuity for all the
previous policy years would be extended in the new policy,
provided the policy has been maintained without a break.
• Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent
continuation of cover are subject to change with prior
approval from IRDA.
Withdrawal of Policy
Migration Conditions:
The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to
other health insurance products/plans offered by the company by
applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the
policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such
person is presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance product/plan
offered by the company, the insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on
migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://irdai.gov.in/document-detail?documentId=393128
(Please note referred link is of the IRDAI website and subject to
change from time to time.)
The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify
the terms of the policy including the premium rates. The insured
person shall be notified three months before the changes are
effected.
Revision/ Modification of the policy:
i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the
Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90
days prior to expiry of the policy.
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar
health insurance product available with the Company at the
time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such
as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period. as per IRDAI
guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a
break.
Risk Level - II
Workers in underground mines, electric installations with high
tension supply, Jockey, circus performers, big game hunters,
Risk Level - III
Administrative / managing functions, accountants, doctors,
lawyers, architects, teachers and similar occupations
+ What are the premium rates for this policy?
Risk Level - I
The Premium differs in case of different risk levels determined by
your occupation.
Manual labour, garage mechanic, machine operator, paid driver
(car / truck / heavy vehicles) cash carrying employee, builder,
contractor, veterinary doctor and similar occupations.
Premium rates given below (%) - Rs. per 1000 /-
Wider
Comprehensive
Medical
Expenses
Hospital
Confinement
Cover
Basic
1.25
2.0
25% of above
premium
Rs. 300 per
person
Risk Class
II
0.6
25% of above
premium
1.5
I
0.45
Rs. 300 per
person
1.0
Rs.300 per
person
1.75
III
0.9
Not available
25% of above
premium
a. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous
coverage.
This is not applicable if premium is paid in instalments
Discounts available under the policy
1. 10 % family discount shall be offered if 2 or more family
members are covered under a single policy. The family
discount will be offered for both new policies as well as for
renewal policies.
• Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the
break period will not be admissible under the policy.
2. Long Term Policy Discount:
b. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
Portability Conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other
insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire policy along
with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before,
but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per
IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently
covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses
under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health
insurer, the proposed insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on
portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://irdai.gov.in/document-detail?documentId=393128
(Please note referred link is of the IRDAI website and subject to
change from time to time.)
Grace period:
When can I enhance my sum insured?
Sum Insured enhancement can be done at renewals.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ HOUSE, AIRPORT ROAD, YERAWADA,
PUNE - 411006. IRDA REG NO.: 113.
FOR ANY QUERY (TOLL FREE)
1800-209-0144 /1800-209-5858
www.bajajallianz.com
bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in
Policy holders can download Insurance Wallet for one -touch access Available on:
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the
sales brochure before concluding a sale.
Note: It is mandatory to keep updated your policy with your correct
contact details and bank account details, to process any of your service
requests faster and hassle-free. To update your contact details i.e., Mobile
No., Email ID, PAN Card, and Bank Account details, please use chatbot,
visit our website, contact your agent or nearest branch.




BAJAJ ALLIANZ
PERSONAL ACCIDENT
FROM INSECURE TO SECURE
Premiums are exclusive of GST
• Incase of death due to accident, the same must be informed to
us inwriting immediately and send us a copy of the post
mortem report ( If conducted) within 30 days.
mountaineers, professional river rafters and similar occupations.
+ How do I submit my claim?
+ Annual Premium Rate
• If you meet with an accident and injure any part of your body
that may result in a claim, you or someone claiming on your
behalf must inform us in writing immediately, and in any
event within 30 days.
+ Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance
Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly,
as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue
an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or
property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the ommission
payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor
shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy
accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in
accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the
insurers. Any person making default in complying with the
provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may
extend to 10 lakh rupees.
(For occupations not specified above, please enquire with us.)


C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the
grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by
providing 15 days' written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.