+ Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture
between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj Auto
Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise, stability
and strength. This joint venture company incorporates global
expertise with local experience. The comprehensive, innovative
solutions combine the technical expertise and experience of more
than 110 year old Allianz SE, and in-depth market knowledge and
good will of Bajaj brand in India. Competitive pricing and quick honest
response have earned the company the customer's trust and market
leadership in a very short time.
+ The Bajaj Allianz Advantage
+ Premium Personal Guard:
Premium Personal Guard Policy supports you in the hour of crisis and
helps you to sustain the unforeseen risks. This policy provides security
for the future and ensures complete peace of mind for you and your
family.
Premium Personal Guard covers the insured against bodily injury or
death caused due to accident and offers high sum assured ranging
from 10 lakhs to 25 lakhs.
+ What is the entry age under this policy?
Entry age for Proposer and Spouse is 18years to 65 years.
Dependent Children can be covered from 5years to 21years.
+ What will be the renewal age?
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
under the policy except on the grounds of fraud, misrepresentation or
moral hazard.
+ What is the policy period?
This is an annual policy
+ Who can be covered under the Policy?
Self,Spouseanddependentchildrencanbecoveredunderthispolicy.
+ Who can buy this policy?
This policy is offered to risk class I
+ Risk Level- I
Administrative / managing functions, accountants, doctors, lawyers,
architects, teachers and similar occupations
+ What are the coverages under this policy?
• Death
In case of Death due to accidental bodily injury of the proposer,
100% of Sum Insured would be paid to the Nominee
• Permanent Total Disability (PTD)
In case of PTDdue to accidental bodily Injury, 200% of Sum Insured
is payable for the proposer
• Permanent Partial Disability (PPD)
IncaseofPPDduetoaccidentalbodilyInjuryoftheproposer,%ofSum
InsuredasshowninthePPDtablewouldbepayable
The claim payment under Death, PTD & PPD would be restricted
to 50% for spouse & 25% for child, provided spouse & child are
covered under the policy
• Temporary Total Disability (TTD)
 In case of TTD due to accidental bodily Injury of the proposer,
weekly benefit would be payable as per the plan opted.
The claim payment under TTD benefit would be restricted to 50%
for spouse
• Transportation of mortal remains
If we have accepted a claim under Death of you/your family
member(s) named in the schedule, then we will pay towards the
actual cost of transporting the remains of you/your family
member(s) from the place of death to a hospital, cremation
ground or burial ground. The amount we pay will be limited to the
lower of Rs.5,000/- or 2% of the Sum Assured shown under the
schedule.
• Children's Education bonus
in case of Death or Permanent Total disability of proposer:- onetime
paymentofRs.5,000/-eachtowardsthecostofeducationofupto2of
your dependent children who were underthe age of 19 on the date
youmetwithAccidentalBodilyInjury
• Hospital confinement Allowance
Rs. 1000/- to Rs. 2500/- as per the plan opted per day for a
maximum of 30daysof hospitalization
• Accidental Hospitalization Expenses
reimbursement of the cost of medical expenses due to accidental
injuryuptoSumInsured
• Cumulative Bonus
For every claim free year you are eligible for Cumulative Bonus
(CB) of 10% of sum insured. Maximum cumulative bonus would
be 50% of sum insured up to 5 claim free years.
In the event of a claim, Cumulative Bonus will be reduced by 10%
of the sum insured on the next renewal.
+ Permanent Partial Disablement table:
Incaseofpermanentpartialdisablement,wewillpay thepercentage,of
thesumassuredasapplicablegiveninthetablebelow
+ What are the important exclusions under this policy?
I. General Exclusion
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that You meet with:
a. Through suicide, attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or
illness.
b. While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
c. Arising or resulting from the insured person(s) committing
any breach of law with criminal intent.
d. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting
into, dismounting from or travelling in any balloon or aircraft
other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any
duly licensed standard type of aircraft anywhere in the world.
e. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a
motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
f. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you
carry out or have carried out on your body.
g. Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air
force operations whether in the form of military exercises or
war games or actual engagement with the enemy, whether
foreign or domestic.
2. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged
legal liability.
3. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases.
4. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related
illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome)
and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused.
5. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or
complications arising out of any of these.
6. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign
enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, mutiny, military or
usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment,
confiscation or nationalisation or requisition of or damage by or
under the order of any government or public local authority.
7. Nuclear energy, radiation.
8. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or
complications arising out of these.
+ Special Conditions:
+ Free Look Period
• If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and conditions,
You have the option of canceling the policy within 30 days of
receipt of the first year policy documents, provided there has been
no claim.
• Free look period is not applicable for renewal policies.
+ Conditions for renewal of the contract
• Under normal circumstances, renewal will not be refused except
onthegroundsofYourmoralhazard,misrepresentationor fraud
• Sum insured for renewals of age 66years and above would be
restricted to sum insured 10lacs (plan A)
• In case of Our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous coverage. Any
claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break
period will not be admissible under the policy.
• After the completion of maximum renewal age of dependent
children, the policy would be renewed for lifetime. However a
separate proposal form should be submitted to us at the time of
renewal with the insured member as proposer. Suitable credit of
continuity for all the previous policy years would be extended in
the new policy, provided the policy has been maintained without a
break.
• Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent continuation of
cover are subject to change with prior approval from IRDA.
+ Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written
notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period
will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
Multi-year Policy:


with appropriate approval from IRDA, as We reserve Our right to do so
with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing insured members. In
such an event of withdrawal of this product, at the time of Your
seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose, among Our available
similar and closely similar Personal Accident Insurance products.
Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be charged the
Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such chosen new
product, as approved by IRDA.
+ How do I submit my claim?
• If you meet with an accident and injure any part of your body that
may result in a claim, you or someone claiming on your behalf
must inform us in writing immediately and in any event within 30
days.
• In case of death due to accident, the same must be informed to us
in writing immediately and send us & submit the documents
within 30 days.
+ How do I get my Premium Personal Guard Policy?
Call our toll free number or contact any of our agents directly. We will
take through our user-friendly procedures, step-by-step. Or visit our
website www.bajajallianz.co.in to take our policy.
+ What are the premium rates / coverage for this policy?
For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be
refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy
years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment
Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a prorata basis, provided no claim has been made during the policy
year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance coverage
has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised
by the Policyholder, then expenses incurred by the Company on
medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted
before refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of
misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts, or fraud by
the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days' written
notice. There will be no refund of premium for cancellations on
these grounds.
+ Grace period:
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous coverage.
• Any claim incurred as a result of Accidental injury during the break
period will not be admissible under the policy.
+ When can I change my Plan?
Change of plan can be done at renewals.
+ Portability Conditions
As per the Portability Guidelines issued by IRDA, If you are insured
under any other Personal Accident policy of Non life insurer you can
transfer to Personal Accident policy with all your accrued benefits
after due allowances for waiting periods and enjoy all the available
benefits of Personal Accident
+ Revision/ Modification of the policy:
There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms, conditions,
coverages and/or premiums of this product at any time in future, with
appropri a te approv a l from IRDA. In such an event of
revision/modification of the product, intimation shall be set out to all
the existing insured members at least 3 months prior to the date of
such revision/modification comes into the effect
+ Withdrawal of Policy
There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in future
Plan 'A' 'B' 'C' 'D'
SI (Rs.) 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000
Base Plan Death 100% 100% 100% 100%
1
PTD 200% 200% 200% 200%
2
PPD As per table
3
TTD (Rs./wks.) 5000/100 5000/100 7500/100 10000/100
Hospital
Confinement
 Allowance 1000 1500 2000 2500
Base Plan* 1300 2100 2875 3650
Add on* 475 710 950 1200
Spouse 50% benefits Of Self plan
Base plan* 650 1050 1438 1825
Add on* 238 355 475 600
Additional
Member
'A'
Premium
ADD ON Accidental
Hospitalization
Benefit (Rs.) 2,00,000 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000
Each Child 25% Benefits of Self plan
Base Plan* 325 525 719 913
Additional
Member
'B'
Add on* 119 178 238 300
*1. PTD - Permanent Total Disability 2. PPD- Permanent Partial Disability 3. TTDTemporary Total Disability


Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance Laws
Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an
inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in
respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of
the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium
shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or
continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be
allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the
insurers. Any person making default in complying with the provision of this
section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.