STAR PACKAGE
A COMPREHENSIVE PROTECTION FOR YOUR WORRIES
Introduction
 Life is full of uncertainties and unexpected events. Unforeseen events can happen at home, at work and even at
play. The death, injury or sickness of a breadwinner or family member can create serious financial problems for
any family. It is in situations like these, that you need to be prepared. To help you soften the blow Bajaj Allianz
offers you a unique package policy which provides protection against various risks and contingencies faced by
an individual under a single policy. It also provides protection for house hold contents and Baggage insurance.
This package policy has 8 sections & a person would have to opt for a minimum of 3 sections under the policy.
What are the Sections under the Star Package policy?
1. Hospital Cash
2. Health Guard
3. Critical Illness
4. Personal Accident
5. Education Grant
6. Householders Contents
7. Traveling Baggage
8. Public Liability
• Any Section can be opted from Section 1 to 8.
• Minimum 3 sections to be opted.
SECTION 1: HOSPITAL CASH DAILY ALLOWANCE
• This section pays a daily benefit amount to take care of the incidental expenses during hospitalization period.
• The daily benefit amount is doubled for ICU admissions (Maximum 7 days for each hospitalization).
• The benefit is available for 30 days per policy period.
• This is a floater section where in spouse and children can be covered
• Spouse can be covered with 50% additional premium and children with 25% additional premium per child.
Exclusions under Hospital Cash section
 We will not pay for claims arising out of or howsoever connected to the following:
 Waiting Period
1. 30 days waiting period is applicable from date of first policy inception for any illness/ disease except for
Accidental Bodily Injury.
2. Without prejudice to Exclusion 1 above, the treatment of cataracts, benign prostatic hypertrophy, hysterectomy,
menorrhagia, fibromyoma, D&C, endometriosis, hernia of all types, hydrocele, fistulae, haemorrhoids, fissure in
ano, stones in the urinary and biliary systems, surgery on ears, tonsils or sinuses, skin and all internal tumours/
cysts/nodules/polyps of any kind including breast lumps, gastric or duodenal ulcer, backache, prolapsed
intervertebral disc during the first year of a series of Daily Hospital Allowance Policies renewed with the
Company without interruption.
 General Exclusion
1. Pre-existing disease: Any medical condition or complication arising from it which existed before the
commencement of the Policy Period, or for which care, treatment or advice was sought, recommended by or
received from a Physician or for which a claim has or could have been made under any earlier policy.
2. Any treatment not performed by a Physician or any treatment of a purely experimental nature.
3. Any and all variants of the condition commonly referred to as Cancer, except in case of invasive malignant
melanoma.
4. Any routine or prescribed medical checkup or examination. Medical Expenses relating to any hospitalisation for
diagnostic, X-ray or laboratory examinations not consistent with or incidental to the diagnosis and treatment of
the positive existence or presence of any Illness or accidental Bodily Injury for which hospitalisation is required.
5. Any Illness that has been classified as an Epidemic by the Central or State Government.
6. Circumcision, cosmetic or aesthetic treatments of any description change of life surgery or treatment, plastic
surgery (unless necessary for the treatment of Illness or accidental Bodily Injury as a direct result of the insured
event and performed within 6 months of the same).
7. Dental treatment or surgery of any kind unless necessitated by Accidental Bodily injury.
8. Convalescence, general debility, nervous or other breakdown, rest cure, congenital diseases or defect or
anomaly, sterility, sterilization or infertility (diagnosis and treatment), any sanatoriums, spa or rest cures or long
term care or hospitalisation undertaken as a preventive or recuperative measure.
9. Self-afflicted injuries or conditions (attempted suicide), and/or the use or misuse of any drugs or alcohol.
10. Any sexually transmitted diseases or any condition directly or indirectly caused to or associated with Human
T-Cell Lymphotropic Virus type or any Syndrome or condition of a similar kind commonly referred to as AIDS.
11. Any diagnosis or treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy (whether uterine or extra uterine), childbirth
including caesarean section, medical termination of pregnancy and/or any treatment related to pre and post
natal care of the mother or the new born.
12. Hospitalisation for the sole purpose of traction, physiotherapy or any ailment for which hospitalisation is not
warranted due to advancement in medical technology
13. War, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution,
insurrection military or usurped power of civil commotion or loot or pillage in connection herewith.
14. Naval or military operations of the armed forces or airforce and participation in operations requiring the use of
arms or which are ordered by military authorities for combating terrorists, rebels and the like.
15. Any natural peril including but not limited to avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions or any kind of natural
hazard.
16. Participation in any hazardous activity.
17. Radioactive contamination.
18. Non-allopathic treatment.
19. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of gain, business
interruption, market loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a pure financial nature such as loss of
goodwill or any legal liability of any kind whatsoever.
SECTION 2. HEALTH GUARD
 What are the Plans available under Health Guard policy?
 There are 3 plans available
• Silver
• Gold
• Platinum
 What is the Sum Insured options available under the policy?
• Health Guard –Silver Plan: Rs.1.5 lacs / Rs. 2lacs
• Health Guard –Gold Plan: Rs. 3 lacs / Rs. 4 lacs / Rs. 5 lacs/ Rs. 7.5 lacs / Rs. 10 lacs / Rs. 15 Lacs / Rs.20 lacs / Rs.
25 lacs / Rs 30 lacs / Rs. 35 lacs/ Rs. 40 lacs / Rs. 45 Lacs / Rs. 50 lacs
• Health Guard –Platinum Plan: Rs. 5 lacs/ Rs. 7.5 lacs / Rs. 10 lacs / Rs. 15 Lacs / Rs.20 lacs / Rs. 25 lacs / Rs 30 lacs
/ Rs. 35 lacs/ Rs. 40 lacs / Rs. 45 Lacs / Rs. 50 lacs / 75 lacs / 1 cr
 Scope of cover
 The Company hereby agrees to pay in respect of an admissible claim, any or all of the following covers subject
to the Sum Insured, limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this
Policy.
1. In-patient Hospitalization Treatment
 If You are hospitalized on the advice of a Medical practitioner as defined under Policy because of Illness or
Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and
Customary Medical Expenses incurred subject to
i. Room rent and Boarding expenses as provided by the Hospital/Nursing Home subject to below limits
• Silver Plan
Up to 1% of Sum Insured per day (Excluding Cumulative Bonus)
• Gold Plan and Platinum Plan
a. Sum Insured 3 lacs to 7.5 lacs- maximum eligible room is Single private Air Conditioned room
b. Sum Insured 10 Lacs and above - eligible for any room category
ii. If admitted in ICU, the Company will pay up to actual ICU expenses provided by Hospital.
iii. Nursing Expenses as provided by the hospital
iv. Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialists Fees.
v. Anesthesia, Blood, Oxygen, Operation Theatre Charges, surgical appliances, Medicines & Drugs, Dialysis,
Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical
procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, infra cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents.
vi. Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X-ray and such similar expenses that are medically necessary prescribed by
the treating Medical Practitioner.
Note:
 In case of admission to a room at rates exceeding the limits as mentioned under (i), the reimbursement of
all other expenses incurred at the Hospital, with the exception of cost of Pharmacy/medicines, consumables,
implants, medical devices & diagnostics, shall be payable in the same proportion as the admissible rate per day
bears to the actual rate per day of room rent charges
 Proportionate deductions shall not apply in respect of the Hospitals which do not follow differential billings or for
those expenses in respect of which differential billing is not adopted based on the room category
2. Pre-Hospitalization
 The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that:
Such Medical Expenses were incurred for the same illness/injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was
required, and We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
3. Post-Hospitalization
 The Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization
provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same illness/injury for which the earlier Hospitalization
was required, and We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization
Treatment.
4. Road Ambulance
 We will pay the reasonable cost to a maximum of Rs. 20,000/- per Policy Year incurred on an ambulance offered
by a healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate
emergency facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency.
 We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service
provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another hospital with higher
medical facilities.
Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when:
i. Such life threatening emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and
ii. We have accepted Your Claim under “In-patient Hospitalization Treatment” or “Day Care Procedures” section of
the Policy.
 Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exclusions of the Policy.
This benefit will be applicable each year for policies with term more than 1 year.


5. Day Care Procedures
 We will pay You the medical expenses as listed above under In-patient Hospitalization Treatment for Day
care procedures / Surgeries taken as an inpatient in a hospital or day care center but not in the outpatient
department. Indicative list of Day Care Procedures is given in the annexure I of Policy wordings.
6. Organ Donor Expenses:
We will pay expenses towards organ donor’s treatment for harvesting of the donated organ, provided that,
1. The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with THE
TRANSPLANTATION OF HUMAN ORGANS (AMENDMENT) BILL, 2011and the organ donated is for the use of the
Insured, and
2. We have accepted an inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment
7. Convalescence Benefit:
 In the event of Insured Hospitalized for a disease/illness/injury for a continuous period exceeding 10 days, We
will pay benefit amount as per the plan opted subject to below limits.
1. Silver Plan
Rs. 5,000 per Policy Year
2. Gold and Platinum Plan
• Rs. 5,000 for Sum Insured up to Rs. 5 lacs
• Rs. 7,500 for Sum Insured 7.5 lacs and above per Policy Year.
 This benefit will be triggered provided that the hospitalization claim is accepted under In Patient Hospitalization
Treatment.
Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum insured mentioned in policy Schedule.
This benefit will be applicable each year for policies with term more than 1 year.
8. Daily Cash Benefit for Accompanying an Insured Child
 We will pay Daily Cash Benefit of Rs. 500 per day maximum up to 10 days during each Policy Year for reasonable
accommodation expenses in respect of one parent/legal guardian, to stay with any minor Insured (under the
Age of 12), provided the hospitalization claim is paid under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
 Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum insured mentioned in policy Schedule.
This benefit will be applicable each year for policies with term more than 1 year.
9. Sum Insured Reinstatement Benefit:
 If Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment Sum Insured and Cumulative Bonus or Super Cumulative Bonus (if any) is
exhausted due to claims registered and paid during the Policy Year, then it is agreed that 100% of the Base Sum
Insured specified under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment would be reinstated for the particular Policy Year
provided that:
i. The reinstated Sum Insured will be triggered only after the Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment Sum Insured
inclusive of the Cumulative Bonus or Super Cumulative Bonus (If applicable) has been completely exhausted
during the Policy Year;
ii. The reinstated Sum Insured can be used for claims made by the Insured in respect of the benefits stated in
Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.
iii. If the claimed amount is higher than the Balance Sum Insured inclusive of the Cumulative Bonus or Super
Cumulative Bonus (If applicable) under the policy, then this benefit will not be triggered for the same claim,
however Sum Insured reinstatement would be triggered for subsequent claims for the same member or other
insured members.
iv. This benefit is applicable only once during each Policy Year and will not be carried forward to the subsequent
Policy Year/ renewals if the benefit is not utilized.
v. This benefit is applicable only once in life time of Insured covered under this Policy for claims regarding CANCER
and KIDNEY FAILURE REQUIRING REGULAR DIALYSIS as defined under the Policy, however the insured member is
eligible for re-instatement benefit every year for other admissible conditions.
vi. This benefit will be applicable each year for long term policies.
vii. Additional premium would not be charged for reinstatement of the Sum Insured.
viii. Incase Family Floater policy, Reinstatement of Sum Insured will be available for all Insured Persons in the Policy
Understanding Sum Insured Reinstatement made easySum Insured
at the
beginning of
the year
Accumulated
Cumulative
Bonus
Sum
Insured
with CB
Hospitalization
Amount
Reinstated
Sum Insured
Payable
Claim
Amount
Balance Sum
Insured
1st Claim 300,000 10% 330,000 350,000 0 330,000 0
2nd Claim - - - 200,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
3rd Claim - - - 200,000 0 100,000 0
10. Preventive Health Check Up
At the end of block of every continuous period as mentioned in coverage during which You have held Our
 Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section, You are eligible for a free Preventive Health checkup. We will
reimburse the amount as per the plan opted, subject to below limits
• Silver Plan
 1% of the Sum Insured maximum up to Rs. 2000/- for each Insured in Individual Policy during the block of 3
years
• Gold Plan
1% of the Sum Insured max up to Rs. 5000/- for each Insured in Individual Policy during the block of 3 years.
• Platinum Plan
 1% of the Sum Insured max up to Rs. 5000/- for each Insured in Individual Policy during the block of 2 years.
This benefit can be availed by proposer & spouse only under Floater Sum Insured Policies.
 You may approach Us for the arrangement of the Health Check up. For the avoidance of doubt, We shall
not be liable for any other ancillary or peripheral costs or expenses (including but not limited to those for
transportation, accommodation or sustenance).
Contact Email id- healthcheck@bajajallianz.co.in.
Note: Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum insured mentioned in policy Schedule.
11. Bariatric Surgery Cover
 If You are hospitalized on the advice of a Medical practitioner because of Conditions mentioned below which
required You to undergo Bariatric Surgery during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and
Customary Expenses related to Bariatric Surgery
Eligibility:
 For adults aged 18 years or older, presence of severe documented in contemporaneous clinical records, defined
as any of the following:
Body Mass Index (BMI);
a. greater than or equal to 40 or
b. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of
less invasive methods of weight loss:
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes
Special Conditions applicable to Bariatric Surgery Cover
a. This benefit is subject to a waiting period of 36 months from the date of first commencement of the first Star
Package Policy covering Health Guard section Policy with Us and continuous renewal thereof with the Company.
b. Fresh waiting period of 36 months would apply for all the policies issued with continuity from other Health
Indemnity product/plans of Our Company where Bariatric Surgery is not covered.
c. Fresh waiting period of 36 months would apply for all the policies issued with continuity under portability
guidelines from any other Non-Health or Standalone Health Insurance Company where Bariatric Surgery is not
covered.
d. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior
coverage where Insured is having policy with Bariatric Surgery Cover.
e. Our maximum liability will be restricted to
a. 25% of Sum Insured in Silver Plan
b. 50% of Sum Insured maximum up to Rs. 5lac in Gold and Platinum Plan.
f. Bariatric surgery performed for Cosmetic reasons is excluded.
g. The indication for the procedure should be found appropriate by two qualified surgeons and the Insured shall
obtain prior approval for cashless treatment from the Company.
12. Wellness Benefits
 At each renewal of Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section Policy with Us, You will be entitled for a
wellness discount subject to below mentioned criteria being fulfilled by You during the preceding Policy Year.
The below mentioned criteria should be fulfilled each year in case of long term policies.
Sr. No Health Parameter Reading
1 Health Risk Assessment Complete the online health risk assessment
2 HbA1c (%) Up to 6.5%
3 Fasting Blood Sugar Upto 120 mg/dl
4 Blood Pressure (mm of Hg) Systolic Diastolic
Upto 140 Upto 90
5 Body Mass Index (BMI) 18 – 25
6 Serum Cholesterol 200mg/dl
7 Steps Count 5,000 steps daily – 20 days every month
8 Hemoglobin Male-13-18mg/dl
Female- 11-15mg/dl
Parameters Achieved Discount Offered
4/5 out of 8 5%
6/7 out of 8 7.5%
8 out of 8 10%
Wellness Eligibility Criteria:
1. Wellness discount is applicable for members age 25 years and above
2. If the insured member meets 4/5 out of 8 criteria, he/she is eligible for 5% discount, 6/7 out of 8 criteria he /she
is eligible for 7.5% discount & meets with 8 criteria she / she is eligible for 10% discount.
3. If an Insured meets 8 out of 8 above mentioned parameters and in addition he/she walks for 10000 steps for 20
days every month then they will be eligible for additional discount of 2.5%.
4. In Floater Policies, discount will be offered basis the average of number of Parameters Achieved by all Insured
members age 25 years & above.
Discount under Floater Policy = Total No. of Parameters achieved by eligible members
 Total No. of eligible members in the family
 In addition to the above parameters, if the eligible members walk for 10000 steps each for 20 days every month
then they will be eligible for additional discount of 2.5%.
13. AYUSH Expenses
 If You are Hospitalized for not less than 24 hrs, in an AYUSH Hospital which is a government hospital or in any
institute recognized by government and/or accredited by Quality Council of India/National Accreditation Board
on Health on the advice of a Medical practitioner because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or
contracted during the Policy Period then We will pay You:
In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for AYUSH treatment:
• Room rent, boarding expenses
• Nursing care
• Consultation fees
• Medicines, drugs and Medical consumables,
• AYUSH treatment procedures
 Our maximum liability per Policy Year is up to the limit of Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule in any
AYUSH Hospital.
This benefit will be applicable each year for policies with term more than 1 year.
The claim will be admissible under the Policy provided that,
i. The illness/injury requires inpatient admission and the procedure performed on the Insured cannot be carried
out on out-patient basis
14. Maternity Expenses (Applicable for Gold and Platinum Plan only)
 We will pay the Medical Expenses for the delivery of a baby (including caesarean section) and/or expenses
related to medically recommended and lawful termination of pregnancy, limited to maximum 2 deliveries or
termination(s) or either,
a. Our maximum liability per delivery or termination shall be limited to the amount specified in the Policy Schedule
as per Sum Insured opted.
b. We will pay the Medical Expenses of pre-natal and post-natal hospitalization (90 days post-delivery) per delivery
or termination up to the maternity limit.
c. Waiting period of 72 months as mentioned in the Policy Schedule would apply from the date of issuance of the
first Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section Policy with Us,
d. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior
coverage where Insured is having policy with Maternity Expense benefit.
e. Fresh Waiting period of 72 months as mentioned in the Policy Schedule would apply for all the policies issued
with continuity from other Health Indemnity product/plans of Our Company where maternity expenses are not
covered.
f. Any complications arising, within 90 days post-delivery, out of or as a consequence of maternity/child birth will
be covered up to the maternity limit.
g. Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum insured mentioned in policy Schedule.
15. New Born Baby Cover (Applicable for Gold and Platinum Plan only)
 Coverage for new born baby will be considered subject to a claim being accepted under Maternity Expenses
(Section A Part I. 14). We will pay the following expenses within the limit of the Sum Insured available under the
Maternity Expenses section.
We will pay for,
a. Medical Expenses towards treatment of Your new born baby while You are Hospitalized as an inpatient for
delivery for the Hospitalization,
b. Hospitalization charges incurred on the new born baby during post birth including any complications shall be
covered up to a period of 90 days from the date of birth and within limit of the Sum Insured under Maternity
Expenses without payment of any additional premium
c. Mandatory Vaccinations of the new born baby up to 90 days, as recommended by the Indian Pediatric
Association will be covered under the Maternity Expenses Sum Insured.
COVERS APPLICABLE FOR PLATINUM PLAN ONLY
16. Super Cumulative Bonus
 This benefit would be extended if You renew Your Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section with Us
without any break and there has been no claim in the preceding year,
i. We will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 50% of base Sum Insured per annum for first 2 years and later 10% of
base Sum Insured per annum for next 5 years.
ii. Maximum bonus will not exceed 150% of the Hospitalization Sum Insured
iii. If a claim is made in any year where a Super Cumulative Bonus has been applied, then the increased Limit of
Indemnity in the Policy Period of the subsequent Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section shall be
reduced to previous slab. However the Sum Insured would not be decreased.
iv. In case of any increase or decrease of Sum Insured at renewal the Super Cumulative Bonus % would be
calculated on the lesser Sum Insured.
Claim free Year Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7
% Increase in Limit of Indemnity 50% 50% 10% 10% 10% 10% 10%
17. Recharge Benefit
i. In event of claim amount exceeding the limit of indemnity, Sum Insured would be increased by 20% maximum
up to 5 Lacs.
SUM INSURED LIMIT (INR)
5 Lacs 1 Lac
7.5 Lacs 1.5 Lacs
10 Lacs 2 Lacs
15 Lacs 3 Lacs
20 Lacs 4 Lacs
25 Lacs to 1 Crore 5 Lacs
ii. In case of Individual Sum Insured policies, this benefit will be applicable once in a policy year for each insured
member.
iii. For a Floater policy, this benefit will be applicable cumulatively to all insured members, once in a policy year.
iv. The unutilized Recharge amount cannot be carried forward to the subsequent renewal.
What are the Sub-limits?
i. Room Rent limit
• Silver Plan
Up to 1% of Sum Insured per day (Excluding Cumulative Bonus)
• Gold Plan and Platinum Plan
a. Sum Insured 3 lacs to 7.5 lacs- maximum eligible room is Single private Air Conditioned room
b. Sum Insured 10 Lacs and above - eligible for any room category
ii. Cataract Limit per eye 20% of Sum Insured max up to Rs. 1lac.
iii. Bariatric Surgery Limit: Our obligation to make payment in respect of Bariatric Surgery after the expiry of the 36
months period, shall be restricted to 25% of the Sum Insured in Silver Plan and 50% of the Sum Insured subject to
maximum of Rs 5 lac in Gold and Platinum Plan.
iv. Maternity Limit: Maternity is covered under Gold & Platinum plan only
a. For Sum Insured 3 lacs up to 7.5 lacs the limit for Normal delivery is 15000 INR & 25000 INR for caesarian
delivery
b. For Sum Insured above 7.5 lacs the limit for Normal delivery is 25000 INR & 35000 INR for caesarian delivery
v. Mental Illness: (As specified in Annexure 4)
a. For Silver plan the indemnity limit for Mental illness is of 25% of Sum Insured.
b. For Gold and Platinum Plan the indemnity limit for Mental illness is 25% of Sum Insured maximum up to 2 lacs.
vi. Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies (as per list in Annexure III) are covered up to 50%
of Sum Insured or 5 lacs whichever is lower, subject to policy terms, conditions, coverages and exclusions
What additional benefits do I get?
 If You renew Your Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section with Us without any break and there has
been no claim in the preceding year, We will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 10% of base sum insured per
annum, but:
i. The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of Indemnity will be limited to 10 years and 100% of base sum
insured of Your first Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section with Us.
ii. This clause does not alter the annual character of this insurance
iii. If a claim is made in any year where a cumulative increase has been applied, then the increased Limit of
Indemnity in the policy period of the subsequent Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section shall be
reduced by 10%, save that the limit of indemnity applicable to Your first Star Package Policy covering Health
Guard section with Us shall be preserved.
What are the exclusions under the policy?
I. Waiting Period (Applicable for Silver, Gold and Platinum Plan)
1. Pre-existing Diseases waiting period (Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded
until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Star Package Policy
covering Health Guard section Policy with us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior
coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being
declared at the time of application and accepted by Us.
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Excl02)
a) Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the
expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Star Package Policy covering
Health Guard section Policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an accident.
b) In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c) If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then
the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
d) The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted
without a specific exclusion.
e) If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
f) List of specific diseases/procedures is as below
1. Any type gastrointestinal ulcers 2. Cataracts,
3. Any type of fistula 4. Macular Degeneration
5. Benign prostatic hypertrophy 6. Hernia of all types
7. All types of sinuses 8. Fissure in ano
9. Haemorrhoids, piles 10. Hydrocele
11. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding 12. Fibromyoma
13. Endometriosis 14. Hysterectomy
15. Uterine Prolapse 16. Stones in the urinary and biliary systems
17. Surgery on ears/tonsils/ adenoids/ paranasal sinuses 18. Surgery on all internal or external tumours/cysts/ nodules/
polyps of any kind including breast lumps.
19. Mental Illness 20. Diseases of gall bladder including cholecystitis
21. Pancreatitis 22. All forms of Cirrhosis
23. Gout and rheumatism 24. Tonsilitis
25. Surgery for varicose veins and varicose ulcers 26. Chronic Kidney Disease
27. Alzheimer’s Disease
3. Any Medical Expenses incurred during the first three consecutive annual periods during which You have the
benefit of a Star Package Policy covering Health Guard section Policy with Us in connection with:
a. Joint replacement surgery,
b. Surgery for vertebral column disorders (unless necessitated due to an accident)
c. Surgery to correct deviated nasal septum
d. Hypertrophied turbinate
e. Congenital internal diseases or anomalies
f. Treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error recommended by Ophthalmologist for medical
reasons with refractive error greater or equal to 7.5
g. Bariatric Surgery
h. Parkinson’s Disease
i. Genetic disorders
4. 30-day waiting period (Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall
be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months.
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting
higher Sum Insured subsequently.
II. Waiting Period for Maternity Expenses (Applicable only for Gold and Platinum Plan)
1. Any treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy, child birth including cesarean section and/or any
treatment related to pre and postnatal care and complications arising out of Pregnancy and Childbirth until 72
months continuous period has elapsed since the inception of the first Star Package Policy covering Health Guard
section Policy with US. However this exclusion will not apply to Ectopic Pregnancy proved by diagnostic means
and certified to be life threatening by the attending medical practitioner.
III. General Exclusions (Applicable for Silver Plan)
1. Maternity ( Excl 18) : Applicable for Silver Plan only:
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections
incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during
the policy period.
2. Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (allopathy)
IV. General Exclusions (Applicable for Silver, Gold and Platinum Plan)
1. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants,
orthodontics, surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring
hospitalization.
2. Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and does not require supervision of qualified nursing
staff and qualified medical practitioner round the clock
3. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, commotion, unrest,
rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of
or damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of Terrorism will be covered under the Policy.
4. Investigation & Evaluation (Excl04)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded even if
the same requires confinement at a Hospital.
b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are
excluded.
5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Excl05)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also
includes:
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living
such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address medical, physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.
6. Obesity/Weight Control (Excl06)
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
1. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor
2. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols
3. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
4. Body Mass Index (BMI);
a. greater than or equal to 40 or
b. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of
less invasive methods of weight loss:
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
7. Change-of-gender treatments (Excl07)
 Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to
those of the opposite sex.
8. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Excl08)
 Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction
following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and
immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the
attending Medical Practitioner.
9. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external
appliances and/or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of
prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, infra cardiac valve
replacements, vascular stents etc.
10. Breach of law (Excl10)
 Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to
commit a breach of law with criminal intent.
11. Excluded Providers (Excl11)
 Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible.
However, in case of life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization
are payable but not the complete claim.
12. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof.
(Excl12)
13. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds
registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly
for domestic reasons. (Excl13)
14. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to
Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner as part of hospitalization
claim or day care procedure. (Excl14)
15. Refractive Error (Excl15)
 Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
16. Unproven Treatments (Excl16)
 Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to
support their effectiveness.
17. Sterility and Infertility (Excl17)
 Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
a) Any type of contraception, sterilization
b) Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as
IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
c) Gestational Surrogacy
d) Reversal of sterilization
18. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post Hospitalization care including cost of instrument
used in the treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D)
and Oxygen concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition.
19. Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies, growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or
surgery except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions.
20. Intentional self-injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol)
21. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a
part of treatment recommended by the treating Medical practitioner.
22. All non-medical Items as per Annexure II
23. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily injury,
24. Any treatment received outside India is not covered under this Policy.
SECTION 3. CRITICAL ILLNESS
What is covered under Critical Illness section?
• On diagnosis of a listed critical illness and after completion of 30 days survival period, a lump sum benefit
amount (as per the plan opted) is paid to the insured member
• The insured member can utilize this amount for treatment of the disease, lifestyle changes, donor expenses or a
planned treatment outside India etc.
• Spouse can be covered with 50% additional premium and children with 25% additional premium per child.
List of Critical Illnesses covered under the policy:
1. First Heart Attack - Of Specified Severity
2. Open Chest CABG
3. Stroke Resulting In Permanent Symptoms
4. Cancer of Specified Severity
5. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis
6. Major Organ Transplant
7. Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms
8. Surgery of Aorta
9. Primary Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension
10. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs
11. Neuro Surgery
12. Joint Replacement
Exclusions under Critical Illness Section:
 No payment will be made by the Company for any claim directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of
or howsoever attributable to any of the following:
I. Waiting Period
1. Any Critical Illness diagnosed within the first 90 days of the date of commencement of the Policy is excluded.
This exclusion shall not apply to an Insured for whom coverage has been renewed by the Named Insured,
without a break, for subsequent years.
II. General Exclusions
1. Any Critical Illness for which care, treatment, or advice was recommended by or received from a Physician, or
which first manifested itself or was contracted before the start of the Policy Period, or for which a claim has or
could have been made under any earlier policy.
2. Any sexually transmitted diseases or any condition directly or indirectly caused by or associated with Human
T-Cell Lymphotropic Virus type III (III LB III) or Lymphadinopathy Associated Virus (LAV) or the Mutants
Derivative or Variations Deficiency Syndrome or any Syndrome or condition of a similar kind commonly referred
to as AIDS.
3. Treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy, childbirth postpartum complications including but not limited
to caesarian section, birth defects and congenital anomalies.
4. Occupational diseases.
5. War, whether war be declared or not, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, terrorism
or terrorist acts or activities, rebellion, revolution, mutiny, military or usurped power, riot, strike, lockout, military
or popular uprising, civil commotion, martial law or loot, sack or pillage in connection therewith, confiscation or
destruction by any government or public authority or any act or condition incidental to any of the above.
6. Naval or military operations of the armed forces or airforce and participation in operations requiring the use of
arms or which are ordered by military authorities for combating terrorists, rebels and the like.
7. Any natural peril (including but not limited to storm, tempest, avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions,
hurricane, or any other kind of natural hazard).
8. Radioactive contamination.
9. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of gain, business
interruption, market loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a pure financial nature such as loss of
goodwill or any legal liability of any kind whatsoever.
10. Intentional self-injury and/or the use or misuse of intoxicating drugs and/or alcohol.
SECTION 4. PERSONAL ACCIDENT
 The death or injury of breadwinner can create serious financial problems for any family. The section provides
coverage for death, Permanent Total Disability (PTD), Permanent Partial Disability (PPD), and Temporary Total
Disability (TTD) to the insured person. This section can be opted by proposer only.
What is covered under Personal Accident Section?
• 100% of sum insured payable In case of death due to accident.
• 125% of sum insured payable in case of Permanent Total Disability
• For Permanent Partial Disability, the benefit is as per the PPD table in the policy document.
• 1% of the sum insured per week, up to a maximum of 100 weeks is payable for Temporary Total Disability.
• The Company will reimburse the actual medical expenses incurred or 40% of the admissible claim; whichever is
lower, towards the cost of treatment of accidental bodily injury sustained by the insured.
SECTION 5. EDUCATION GRANT
(Payable in case of Accidental Death and Permanent Total Disability)
• In case of an accidental death or Permanent Total Disability of the insured person, the sum insured would be
payable towards the continuing education of the deceased’s child/children.
• The claim would be payable to the nominee under the policy.
• This section can be opted by proposer only.
Exclusion under Personal Accident and Education Grant sections:
I. General Exclusion
1. Accidental Bodily Injury that You meet with:
a. Through suicide, attempted suicide or self-inflicted injury or illness.
b. While under the influence of liquor or drugs.
c. Through deliberate or intentional, unlawful or criminal act, error, or omission.
d. Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into, dismounting from or traveling in any balloon
or aircraft other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed standard type of aircraft
anywhere in the world.
e. Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during motor racing or trial runs.
f. As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that you carry out or have carried out on your body.
g. Arising out of your participation in any naval, military or air force operations whether in the form of military
exercises or war games or actual engagement with the enemy, Whether foreign or domestic.
2. Your consequential losses of any kind or your actual or alleged legal liability.
3. Venereal or sexually transmitted diseases.
4. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications arising out of any of these.
5. War (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or
nationalization or requisition of or damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority.
6. Nuclear energy, radiation.
Section 6: BURGLARY (HOUSEHOLD CONTENTS ONLY) & FIRE (HOUSEHOLD
CONTENTS) (Subject to first Loss Condition)
 What is covered under the BURGLARY (HOUSEHOLD CONTENTS ONLY) & FIRE (HOUSEHOLD CONTENTS)
section?
a. Burglary and Housebreaking
 The Company will indemnify the Insured in respect of loss of or damage to the Contents or any part thereof
whilst contained in the Insured Premises (address given in the schedule) caused by actual or attempted Burglary
or Housebreaking.
b. Basis of Loss Settlement
 Where the Insured Premises and/or Contents can reasonably be repaired or reinstated at a cost less than the
replacement cost then the Company will indemnify the Insured in respect of the expenses necessarily incurred
to restore the aforementioned to its state immediately prior to the happening of the actual or attempted
Burglary.
 In the case of a total loss, the Company shall indemnify the Insured in respect of the restoration or replacement
costs. The Company shall not be bound to reinstate or restore exactly or completely, but only as permitted by
the circumstances and in a reasonably sufficient manner and to the state that existed immediately prior to the
happening of the Burglary.
c.. Fire and Allied Perils:
 Coverage under this Section shall be as per Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd Bharat Griha Raksha
Policy Wordings which is mentioned under annexure of policy wordings.Notwithstanding what is mentioned in
these Policy Wordings, for the purposes of this Section, in case of contradiction of these Policy Wordings with
the provisions of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd Bharat Griha Raksha Policy Wordings which is
mentioned under the annexure, of the policy wordings then the Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd
Bharat Griha Raksha Policy Wordings which is mentioned under the annexure of the Policy wordings.
Section 7: TRAVELING BAGGAGE:
• (Anywhere in World) Valuables excluded
What is covered under the Traveling Baggage Section?
• The current lifestyle includes a lot of traveling & touring but there is always a strong possibility of losing your
baggage’s during your travel. Now you can enjoy your tour peacefully as the policy pays you, in respect of any
loss regarding your baggage while on tour or holiday.
Exclusions under Traveling Baggage Section:
1. loss or damage due to cracking scratching or breakage of lens or glass whether part of china, marble,
gramophone records or otherwise and other articles of a brittle or fragile nature, unless such loss or damage
arises from an accident to a vessel, train, or other mechanised vehicle or aircraft by which such baggage is
conveyed by the Insured and/or the Insured’s Family;
2. loss or damage caused by or any process of cleaning, dyeing repairing or restoring to which the baggage is
subjected;
3. loss or damage caused by moth, mildew or vermin;
4. loss or damage to any electrical machines, apparatus, fixtures or fittings (including wireless sets, radio, television
sets and tape recorders) arising from over running, excessive pressure, short circuiting arcing self-heating or
leakage or electricity from whatever cause (lightning included);
5. loss or damage caused by mechanical derangement or over winding of watches and clocks;
6. the ft from cars except from fully enclosed saloon cars having all the doors, windows and other openings
securely locked and properly fastened, and any other security aid properly applied;
7. loss or damage whilst being conveyed by any carrier under contract of affreightment;
8. loss of or damage to Jewellery or Valuables;
9. loss of or damage to article which did not form part of the Contents of the baggage when the journey
commenced unless specifically declared and accepted by the Company;
10. loss or destruction of or damage to baggage of a consumable nature;
11. loss of or damage to carried loose articles such as sticks, straps, umbrellas, sunshades, deck chairs, property in
use on the journey or articles of clothing whilst being worn on the person or carried about;
12. loss destruction or damage caused by or arising from the leakage spilling or exploding of liquid, oils or material
of a like nature or articles of a dangerous or damaging nature;
13. any tour or travel undertaken within the municipal limits of the village, town or city wherein the Insured
permanently resides.
SECTION 8 – PUBLIC LIABILITY
What is covered under the Public Liability Section?
 Sometimes our actions can cause bodily injuries or property damage to third parties. In such cases coping with
the liability can result in a large financial burden. This plan protects your legal liability for bodily injury or damage
to property of third party.
Exclusion:
1. any voluntarily assumed liability unless such liability would have attached to the Insured in the absence of such
agreement;
2. any liability arising out of a deliberate, wilful or intentional act, error, omission, or non-compliance with any
statutory provision;
3. liability arising out of the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured or his Family or Household
Staff of any motor vehicle or trailer for which compulsory insurance is required, save that cover shall be provided
for claims arising out of Bodily Injury or Property Damage caused by the loading or unloading of any motor
vehicle or trailer beyond the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare;
4. liability arising out of the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured or his Family or Household
Staff of any watercraft, hovercraft, air- or spacecraft;
5. any interest and/or penalty imposed on the Insured on account of his failure to comply with the requirements
laid down under the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1923 or any amendment thereto;
6. the transmission of any communicable disease or virus;
7. occupation or business, trade or employment
 Exclusions applicable to all sections
Below exclusion would be applicable to all sections in addition to the section specific exclusions:
1. war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution,
insurrection military or usurped power of civil commotion or loot or pillage in connection herewith.
2. Loss or damage caused by depreciation or wear and tear.
3. Consequential loss of any kind or description.
4. Loss or damage directly or indirectly caused by or arising from or in consequence of or contributed to
nuclear weapons material by or arising from or in consequence of or contributed to by ionising radiation or
contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear
fuel (including any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission).
Who can be covered under the policy?
• Proposer, Spouse and Dependent children
What is the entry age under the policy?
• Entry age for Proposer & spouse is 18 years – 65 years
• Children from age 3 months to 30 years can be covered as dependents
What is the renewal age?
 Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available under the policy except on the grounds of
fraud, misrepresentation or moral hazard.
What is the policy period?
Policy can be opted for 1 year/2year/3 years
How many Sections have to be opted under this policy?
Minimum 3 sections have to be opted.
What are the Discounts under the policy?
i. Employee Discount: (Applicable to Section 2. Health Guard only)
 20% discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz & its group companies, this discount is
applicable only if the Policy is booked in direct code.
ii. Co-pay Discount: (Applicable to Section 2. Health Guard only)
a. If opted voluntarily and mentioned on the Policy Schedule that a Co-payment is effective by the Insured then
Insured will be eligible of additional 10% or 20% discount on the Policy premium.
b. If a claim has been admitted under Section 2. Health Guard – (In-patient Hospitalization Treatment ) then, the
Insured shall bear 10% or 20% respectively of the eligible claim amount payable under this section and Our
liability, if any, shall only be in excess of that sum and would be subject to the Sum Insured.
iii. Room Rent capping discount: (Applicable to Section 2. Health Guard only)
 If You opt for this cover You will be entitled for a per day room rent limit of 1.5% of hospitalization Sum Insured
up to maximum Rs. 7,500 per day.
By opting for this cover You will be eligible for discount on premium as per below gridBase SI Individual Floater
300,000 and above 10% 5%
Note:
a. The room rent does not include nursing charges.
b. If the availed room category is higher than the eligible room category or if the room rent opted exceeds the
eligible room rent then, a proportionate co-payment would be applied on all the expenses of the hospitalization
except for cost of Medical consumables and Medicines.
iv. Wellness Discount (Applicable to Section 2. Health Guard only)
 As detailed in Section 2 – Under Health Guard, depending on number of parameters met by insured during a
policy year discount will be offered on subsequent renewal premium.
Parameters Achieved Discount
4 out of 8 5%
6 out of 8 7.5%
8 out of 8 10%
 Note- If an Insured meets 8 out of 8 above mentioned parameters and he/she walks for 10000 steps for 20 days
every month then they will be eligible for additional discount of 2.5%.
v. Zone Discount (Applicable to Section 2. Health Guard only)
a. If You opt for coverage under Zone B, then You will be eligible for 20% discount on the premium
b. If You opt for coverage under Zone C, then You will be eligible for 30% discount on the premium
vi. Sectional Discount:
• 10% discount applicable if number of sections opted is 4 or 5
• 15% discount applicable if number of sections opted is more than 5
vii. Long Term policy Discount:
• 10% discount applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
• 15% discount applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
Note: This will not apply to policies where premium is paid in instalments
Free Look Period
 The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at
the time of porting/migrating the policy.
 The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 30 days from date of receipt of the policy document to
review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to
i. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the
insured person and the stamp duty charges or
ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the policy is exercised by the insured person,
a deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate
with the insurance coverage during such period;
Renewal
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured person.
a. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give
any notice for renewal.
b. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the preceding
policy years.
c. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the
policy period.
d. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days
to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace period
e. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience.
Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
 The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will
refund the premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy inception -
 Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim
has been made during the policy year.
Multi-year Policy:
 For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the premium will be refunded without any deduction.
 For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy
year, provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment Basis
 The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made
during the policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
 Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the
insurance coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then
expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the Policyholder will also be deducted before
refunding of premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
 The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund
of premium for cancellations on these grounds.
When I can Enhanced my Sum Insured?
• Sum Insured enhancement can be done at renewals.
• For enhancement of sum insured, fresh proposal form along with the renewal notice should be submitted
Portability Conditions
 The Insured beneficiary will have the option to port the policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to
port the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than
60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently
covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian
General/Health insurer, the proposed Insured beneficiary will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting
periods as per IRDAI guidelines on portability. For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link https://
www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Possibility of Revision of Terms of the policy Including the premium rates-
 The Company, prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates.
The insured person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected.
Migration of policy:
 The Insured beneficiary will have the option to migrate the policy to other health insurance products/plans
offered by the company by applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the policy renewal date
as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance product/plan offered by the company, the Insured beneficiary
will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration.
 For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_
List.aspx?mid=3.2.3
Withdrawal of Policy
1. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about
the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.
2. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at
the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period.
as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break.
What would be the process in case of a claim under my Star Package policy?
Insured
Empanelled
Hospital
Present
Cashless Card
Register Claim with Bajaj Allianz
24 hr helpline*
Non-Empanelled
 Hospital
Insured Makes
Payment Directly
Send Claim Form
+ Bills+ all hospitalization documents
To Bajaj Allianz for reimbursement
Please send the documents on below address
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company
2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, Behind Weikfield IT Park, Off Nagar Road,
Viman Nagar, Pune 411014
Toll free: 1800-103-2529, 1800-22-5858
Grievance Redressal Cell for Senior Citizens
Grievance Redressal Cell for Senior Citizens
Senior Citizen Cellfor Insured who are Senior Citizens
‘Good things come with time’ and so for our customers who are above 60 years of age we have created special
cell to address any health insurance related query. Our senior citizen customers can reach us through the below
dedicated channels to enable us to service them promptly
Health toll free number: 1800-103-2529
Exclusive Email address: seniorcitizen@bajajallianz.co.in
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of
Rebates): No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to
take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any
rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor
shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be
allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any person making default in
complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.


Benefit Illustration in respect of Policies offered on Floater basis
Age of the
members to
be insured
Coverage opted on
Individual Basis covering
each member of the
family separately (at a
single point in time)
Coverage opted on individual basis covering multiple members of the family under
as single policy (Sum Insured is available
for each member of the family)
Coverage opted on floater basis with overall
Sum Insured
 (Only one sum insured is available for the
entire family)
Premium Sum
 Insured Premium Discount
Premium
after
discount
Sum
Insured
Premium or
consolidated
premium for
all members of
family
Floater
discount if
any
Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured
45
NA NA NA NA NA NA
27,800 NA
300000 (HG
Gold-Zone
A)
2000 per day
for 30 days
( Hospital
cash)
300000
(Critical
Illness)
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
40
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
21
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
18
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA
Total premium when policy is opted on floater
basis for Star Package section that is Health
Guard ,Hospital cash and Critical illness is
Rs 27,800 (no discount applicable)
NA NA Section wise Sum Insured mentioned above is
available for the entire family
Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustation shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the
premium rates shall be exclusive of taxes applicable.




/BAGI/P-H/V.I/150/13-14 1
Education Grant
Traveling
 Baggage
Hospital Cash
Health
Guard
Public
Liability
Householders
Contents
Personal
Accident
Critical
 Illness
BAJAJ ALLIANZ
STAR PACKAGE
A COMPREHENSIVE PROTECTION
FOR YOUR WORRIES
All premiums are exclusive of GST *A= Adult, **C= Child
Section 1. Hospital Cash
Option Sum
Insured
Age
Up to
25 Yrs
Above 25
up to
40 Yrs
Above 40
up to
50 Yrs
Above 50
up to
55 Yrs
56yrs
and
above
A 500/- 250 400 650 900 1,200
B 1000/- 300 600 900 1,300 1,800
C 2000/- 600 850 1,700 2,800 3,600
D 2,500/- 800 1,100 2,600 3,500 4,600
Section 2. Health Guard
Zone A
Delhi / NCR, Mumbai including (Navi Mumbai, Thane and Kalyan), Hyderabad and Secunderabad, Kolkata,
Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat.
Zone B
Rest of India apart, from the states/UTs/cities classified under Zone A and Zone C, are classified as Zone B.
Zone C
Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Arunachal Pradesh, Bihar, Chandigarh, Chattisgarh, Goa, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &
Kashmir, Jharkhand, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizo-ram, Nagaland, Odisha, Punjab, Sikkim, Tripura, Uttarakhand
Note:-
•
• Policyholders paying Zone A premium rates can avail treatment allover India without any co-payment.
Those, who pay Zone B premium rates and avail treatment in Zone A city will have to pay 15% co-payment on admissible
claim amount.
• Those, who pay Zone C premium rates and avail treatment in Zone A city will have to pay 20% co-payment on admissible
claim amount.
• Those, who pay Zone C premium rates and avail treatment in Zone B city will have to pay 5% co-payment on admissible
claim amount
This Co – payment will not be applicable for Accidental Hospitalization cases.
Policyholder residing in Zone B and Zone C can choose to pay premium for Zone A and avail treatment all over India
without any co-payment.
If opted for coverage under Zone B, then insured will be eligible for 20% discount on the premium.
If opted for coverage under Zone C, then insured will be eligible for 30% discount on the premium
•
•
•
•
Internal Tariff
1
2
Health Guard Silver (Individual)
Policy Holder Age/SI 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 3,550 4,000
21-25 years 4,900 5,500
26-30 years 5,400 6,050
31-35 Years 5,700 6,400
36-40 Years 6,500 7,250
41-45 Years 7,750 8,700
46-50 Years 10,250 11,500
51-55 Years 13,300 14,950
56-60 Years 17,650 19,800
61-65 Years 24,450 27,450
66-70 Years 33,450 37,550
71-75 Years 42,650 47,850
76 and above 47,950 53,800
Health Guard Gold (Individual)
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 5,050 5,600 5,900 6,400 6,850 7,600 8,200 8,650 9,050 9,400 9,700 10,000 10,250
21-25
Yrs 6,950 7,700 8,100 8,800 9,400 10,500 11,250 11,900 12,450 12,950 13,350 13,750 14,100
26-30
Yrs 7,650 8,450 8,900 9,700 10,350 11,550 12,400 13,100 13,700 14,200 14,700 15,150 15,550
31-35
Yrs 8,100 9,000 9,450 10,300 11,000 12,250 13,150 13,900 14,550 15,100 15,600 16,050 16,500
36-40
Yrs 9,150 10,150 10,700 11,650 12,450 13,800 14,850 15,700 16,400 17,050 17,600 18,150 18,600
41-45
Yrs 10,900 12,100 12,750 13,900 14,900 16,500 17,700 18,700 19,600 20,350 21,050 21,650 22,250
46-50
Yrs 14,350 15,950 16,850 18,350 19,700 21,750 23,350 24,700 25,850 26,850 27,750 28,550 29,300
51-55
Yrs 18,600 20,650 21,800 23,800 25,500 28,150 30,250 31,950 33,450 34,750 35,900 37,000 37,950
56-60
Yrs 24,550 27,300 28,850 31,450 33,800 37,200 39,950 42,250 44,200 45,900 47,450 48,900 50,150
61-65
Yrs 33,950 37,800 39,900 43,600 46,800 51,500 55,350 58,500 61,200 63,550 65,700 67,650 69,450
66-70
Yrs 46,400 51,600 54,550 59,550 64,000 70,350 75,600 79,900 83,600 86,850 89,800 92,450 94,900
71-75
Yrs 59,100 65,750 69,500 75,850 81,550 89,600 96,250 1,01,750 1,06,450 1,10,600 1,14,350 1,17,750 1,20,850
76 Yrs
and
above
66,400 73,900 78,100 85,300 91,700 1,00,750 1,08,200 1,14,350 1,19,650 1,24,350 1,28,550 1,32,350 1,35,850
Health Guard – Silver Plan (Individual)
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Individual)
Note: The premiums are in INR and exclusive of GST *The Below mentioned premium rates are for Zone A
Section 2. Health Guard
Health Guard Platinum (Individual)
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 6,550 7,100 7,600 8,450 9,050 9,550 9,950 10,250 10,550 10,850 11,100 12,150 13,000
21-25
Yrs 8,950 9,750 10,400 11,550 12,400 13,100 13,600 14,050 14,500 14,850 15,200 16,700 17,850
26-30
Yrs 9,900 10,750 11,500 12,750 13,700 14,450 15,050 15,550 16,000 16,400 16,800 18,400 19,700
31-35
Yrs 10,600 11,550 12,350 13,700 14,700 15,500 16,100 16,650 17,150 17,600 18,000 19,700 21,050
36-40
Yrs 11,950 13,000 13,900 15,400 16,550 17,450 18,150 18,750 19,300 19,800 20,250 22,200 23,700
41-45
Yrs 14,200 15,450 16,550 18,350 19,650 20,750 21,550 22,300 22,950 23,550 24,100 26,400 28,200
46-50
Yrs 18,700 20,400 21,850 24,100 25,900 27,350 28,400 29,350 30,200 31,000 31,750 34,800 37,200
51-55
Yrs 24,100 26,300 28,200 31,100 33,350 35,250 36,650 37,850 39,000 40,000 41,000 44,900 48,000
56-60
Yrs 31,750 34,650 37,200 40,950 43,950 46,450 48,250 49,900 51,350 52,750 54,000 59,200 63,300
61-65
Yrs 43,800 47,800 51,350 56,500 60,650 64,100 66,600 68,850 70,900 72,800 74,550 81,750 87,450
66-70
Yrs 59,750 65,200 70,050 77,000 82,700 87,350 90,800 93,900 96,700 99,300 1,01,650 1,11,550 1,19,350
71-75
Yrs 75,950 82,950 89,150 97,950 1,05,150 1,11,150 1,15,500 1,19,450 1,23,000 1,26,300 1,29,350 1,41,950 1,51,850
76 and
above 85,350 93,200 1,00,150 1,10,050 1,18,150 1,24,900 1,29,800 1,34,200 1,38,200 1,41,900 1,45,300 1,59,500 1,70,650
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Individual)
*A= Adult, **C= Child
1A* + 1C**
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 4,950 5,550
21-25 years 5,900 6,600
26-30 years 6,450 7,250
31-35 Years 6,850 7,700
36-40 Years 7,800 8,700
41-45 Years 9,300 10,450
46-50 Years 12,300 13,800
51-55 Years 16,000 17,950
56-60 Years 21,150 23,750
61-65 Years 29,350 32,950
66-70 Years 40,150 45,050
71-75 Years 51,150 57,450
76 and above 57,550 64,600
1A + 4C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 10,650 11,950
21-25 years 11,450 12,850
26-30 years 11,750 13,150
31-35 Years 11,950 13,400
36-40 Years 12,400 13,900
41-45 Years 13,950 15,650
46-50 Years 18,450 20,700
51-55 Years 23,950 26,900
56-60 Years 31,750 35,650
61-65 Years 44,000 49,400
66-70 Years 60,200 67,600
71-75 Years 76,750 86,150
76 and above 86,300 96,850
1A + 2C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 6,400 7,150
21-25 years 7,200 8,050
26-30 years 7,550 8,450
31-35 Years 8,000 9,000
36-40 Years 9,050 10,150
41-45 Years 10,850 12,200
46-50 Years 14,350 16,100
51-55 Years 18,650 20,900
56-60 Years 24,700 27,700
61-65 Years 34,250 38,450
66-70 Years 46,850 52,550
71-75 Years 59,700 67,000
76 and above 67,100 75,350
2A
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 4,950 5,550
21-25 years 6,850 7,650
26-30 years 7,550 8,450
31-35 Years 8,000 9,000
36-40 Years 9,050 10,150
41-45 Years 10,850 12,200
46-50 Years 14,350 16,100
51-55 Years 18,650 20,900
56-60 Years 24,700 27,700
61-65 Years 34,250 38,450
66-70 Years 46,850 52,550
71-75 Years 59,700 67,000
76 and above 67,100 75,350
1A + 3C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 8,500 9,550
21-25 years 9,300 10,450
26-30 years 9,600 10,800
31-35 Years 9,800 11,000
36-40 Years 10,350 11,650
41-45 Years 12,400 13,900
46-50 Years 16,400 18,400
51-55 Years 21,300 23,900
56-60 Years 28,200 31,650
61-65 Years 39,100 43,900
66-70 Years 53,500 60,100
71-75 Years 68,200 76,600
76 and above 76,700 86,100
2A + 1C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 6,400 7,150
21-25 years 8,000 8,950
26-30 years 8,600 9,650
31-35 Years 9,150 10,250
36-40 Years 10,350 11,650
41-45 Years 12,400 13,900
46-50 Years 16,400 18,400
51-55 Years 21,300 23,900
56-60 Years 28,200 31,650
61-65 Years 39,100 43,900
66-70 Years 53,500 60,100
71-75 Years 68,200 76,600
76 and above 76,700 86,100
2A + 2C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 8,500 9,550
21-25 years 10,100 11,350
26-30 years 10,750 12,000
31-35 Years 11,150 12,450
36-40 Years 12,050 13,500
41-45 Years 13,950 15,650
46-50 Years 18,450 20,700
51-55 Years 23,950 26,900
56-60 Years 31,750 35,650
61-65 Years 44,000 49,400
66-70 Years 60,200 67,600
71-75 Years 76,750 86,150
76 and above 86,300 96,850
2A + 3C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 10,650 11,950
21-25 years 12,250 13,750
26-30 years 12,850 14,400
31-35 Years 13,250 14,850
36-40 Years 14,150 15,900
41-45 Years 15,700 17,600
46-50 Years 20,500 23,000
51-55 Years 26,650 29,900
56-60 Years 35,300 39,600
61-65 Years 48,900 54,900
66-70 Years 66,900 75,100
71-75 Years 85,250 95,700
76 and above 95,900 1,07,650
2A + 4C
Age Band 1,50,000 2,00,000
3m-20 years 12,750 14,300
21-25 years 14,400 16,100
26-30 years 15,000 16,800
31-35 Years 15,400 17,250
36-40 Years 16,300 18,250
41-45 Years 17,850 20,000
46-50 Years 22,550 25,300
51-55 Years 29,300 32,850
56-60 Years 38,800 43,550
61-65 Years 53,800 60,400
66-70 Years 73,600 82,600
71-75 Years 93,800 1,05,300
76 and above 1,05,450 1,18,400
Health Guard – Silver Plan (Floater)
*A= Adult, **C= Child
 
1A + 1C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 7,050 7,850 8,250 8,950 9,550 10,650 11,450 12,100 12,650 13,150 13,600 14,000 14,350
21-25
Yrs 8,400 9,300 9,800 10,650 11,350 12,650 13,600 14,400 15,050 15,600 16,150 16,600 17,050
26-30
Yrs 9,150 10,150 10,700 11,650 12,450 13,850 14,850 15,700 16,450 17,050 17,650 18,150 18,650
31-35
Yrs 9,700 10,750 11,350 12,350 13,200 14,700 15,750 16,650 17,450 18,100 18,700 19,250 19,800
36-40
Yrs 10,950 12,150 12,850 13,950 14,950 16,600 17,800 18,800 19,700 20,450 21,150 21,750 22,350
41-45
Yrs 13,100 14,500 15,300 16,700 17,850 19,800 21,250 22,450 23,500 24,400 25,250 26,000 26,650
46-50
Yrs 17,250 19,150 20,200 22,050 23,600 26,100 28,050 29,650 31,000 32,200 33,300 34,250 35,200
51-55
Yrs 22,300 24,800 26,150 28,550 30,650 33,800 36,300 38,350 40,150 41,700 43,100 44,400 45,550
56-60
Yrs 29,450 32,750 34,600 37,750 40,550 44,650 47,950 50,700 53,050 55,100 56,950 58,650 60,200
61-65
Yrs 40,750 45,350 47,900 52,300 56,150 61,800 66,400 70,150 73,400 76,300 78,850 81,200 83,350
66-70
Yrs 55,700 61,950 65,450 71,450 76,800 84,450 90,700 95,850 1,00,300 1,04,200 1,07,750 1,10,950 1,13,850
71-75
Yrs 70,900 78,850 83,400 91,050 97,850 1,07,550 1,15,500 1,22,100 1,27,750 1,32,750 1,37,200 1,41,300 1,45,000
76 Yrs
and
above
79,700 88,650 93,700 1,02,350 1,10,000 1,20,900 1,29,850 1,37,250 1,43,600 1,49,200 1,54,250 1,58,800 1,63,000
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Floater)
*A= Adult, **C= Child
1A + 2C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 9,100 10,050 10,600 11,500 12,300 13,700 14,700 15,550 16,250 16,900 17,450 17,950 18,450
21-25
Yrs 10,200 11,350 11,900 12,950 13,850 15,450 16,550 17,500 18,300 19,000 19,650 20,250 20,750
26-30
Yrs 10,700 11,850 12,500 13,600 14,500 16,150 17,350 18,300 19,150 19,900 20,600 21,200 21,750
31-35
Yrs 11,350 12,550 13,250 14,400 15,400 17,150 18,400 19,450 20,350 21,150 21,850 22,500 23,100
36-40
Yrs 12,800 14,200 14,950 16,300 17,450 19,350 20,800 21,950 22,950 23,850 24,650 25,400 26,050
41-45
Yrs 15,250 16,950 17,900 19,450 20,850 23,100 24,800 26,200 27,400 28,500 29,450 30,300 31,100
46-50
Yrs 20,100 22,350 23,600 25,700 27,550 30,450 32,700 34,550 36,150 37,550 38,850 40,000 41,050
51-55
Yrs 26,000 28,900 30,550 33,300 35,750 39,450 42,350 44,750 46,850 48,650 50,300 51,800 53,150
56-60
Yrs 34,350 38,200 40,350 44,050 47,300 52,100 55,950 59,150 61,900 64,300 66,450 68,450 70,250
61-65
Yrs 47,550 52,900 55,900 61,000 65,550 72,100 77,450 81,850 85,650 89,000 92,000 94,750 97,250
66-70
Yrs 64,950 72,250 76,350 83,400 89,600 98,500 1,05,800 1,11,850 1,17,000 1,21,600 1,25,700 1,29,400 1,32,850
71-75
Yrs 82,700 92,000 97,250 1,06,200 1,14,150 1,25,450 1,34,750 1,42,450 1,49,050 1,54,850 1,60,050 1,64,800 1,69,200
76 Yrs
and
above
92,950 1,03,450 1,09,350 1,19,400 1,28,350 1,41,050 1,51,500 1,60,100 1,67,550 1,74,050 1,79,950 1,85,300 1,90,200
1A + 3C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 12,100 13,400 14,150 15,350 16,400 18,300 19,600 20,750 21,700 22,500 23,300 23,950 24,600
21-25
Yrs 13,250 14,700 15,450 16,800 17,950 20,000 21,450 22,700 23,750 24,650 25,500 26,250 26,900
26-30
Yrs 13,650 15,150 15,950 17,350 18,500 20,650 22,150 23,400 24,500 25,450 26,300 27,050 27,750
31-35
Yrs 13,950 15,450 16,250 17,700 18,900 21,050 22,600 23,900 25,000 25,950 26,800 27,600 28,350
36-40
Yrs 14,600 16,200 17,100 18,600 19,950 22,100 23,750 25,100 26,250 27,250 28,200 29,000 29,800
41-45
Yrs 17,450 19,350 20,450 22,250 23,850 26,400 28,350 29,950 31,350 32,550 33,650 34,650 35,550
46-50
Yrs 23,000 25,550 26,950 29,400 31,500 34,800 37,400 39,500 41,350 42,950 44,400 45,700 46,900
51-55
Yrs 29,750 33,050 34,900 38,050 40,850 45,050 48,400 51,150 53,500 55,600 57,450 59,200 60,750
56-60
Yrs 39,300 43,650 46,150 50,350 54,050 59,550 63,950 67,600 70,700 73,500 75,950 78,200 80,300
61-65
Yrs 54,350 60,450 63,900 69,750 74,900 82,400 88,500 93,550 97,900 1,01,700 1,05,150 1,08,250 1,11,150
66-70
Yrs 74,250 82,600 87,300 95,300 1,02,400 1,12,600 1,20,950 1,27,800 1,33,750 1,38,950 1,43,650 1,47,900 1,51,850
71-75
Yrs 94,550 1,05,150 1,11,150 1,21,400 1,30,450 1,43,400 1,54,000 1,62,800 1,70,350 1,76,950 1,82,950 1,88,350 1,93,350
76 Yrs
and
above
1,06,250 1,18,200 1,24,950 1,36,450 1,46,700 1,61,200 1,73,100 1,83,000 1,91,450 1,98,950 2,05,650 2,11,750 2,17,350
1A + 4C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 15,150 16,800 17,650 19,200 20,500 22,850 24,550 25,900 27,100 28,150 29,100 29,950 30,750
21-25
Yrs 16,250 18,050 19,000 20,650 22,050 24,600 26,400 27,850 29,150 30,300 31,300 32,200 33,050
26-30
Yrs 16,700 18,500 19,500 21,200 22,600 25,200 27,050 28,600 29,900 31,050 32,100 33,050 33,900
31-35
Yrs 16,950 18,800 19,800 21,550 23,000 25,650 27,500 29,050 30,400 31,600 32,650 33,600 34,500
36-40
Yrs 17,600 19,500 20,550 22,350 23,850 26,600 28,550 30,150 31,550 32,750 33,850 34,850 35,750
41-45
Yrs 19,600 21,800 23,000 25,050 26,800 29,700 31,900 33,700 35,250 36,650 37,850 39,000 40,000
46-50
Yrs 25,850 28,700 30,300 33,050 35,450 39,150 42,050 44,450 46,500 48,300 49,950 51,400 52,750
51-55
Yrs 33,450 37,200 39,250 42,800 45,950 50,700 54,450 57,550 60,200 62,550 64,650 66,550 68,350
56-60
Yrs 44,200 49,150 51,900 56,650 60,800 67,000 71,950 76,050 79,550 82,650 85,450 88,000 90,300
61-65
Yrs 61,150 68,000 71,850 78,450 84,250 92,750 99,600 1,05,250 1,10,150 1,14,450 1,18,300 1,21,800 1,25,000
66-70
Yrs 83,500 92,900 98,200 1,07,200 1,15,200 1,26,650 1,36,050 1,43,800 1,50,450 1,56,350 1,61,600 1,66,400 1,70,800
71-75
Yrs 1,06,350 1,18,300 1,25,050 1,36,550 1,46,750 1,61,300 1,73,250 1,83,150 1,91,600 1,99,100 2,05,800 2,11,900 2,17,550
76 Yrs
and
above
1,19,550 1,33,000 1,40,600 1,53,550 1,65,000 1,81,350 1,94,750 2,05,850 2,15,400 2,23,800 2,31,350 2,38,200 2,44,550
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Floater)
2A
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 7,050 7,850 8,250 8,950 9,550 10,650 11,450 12,100 12,650 13,150 13,600 14,000 14,350
21-25
Yrs 9,700 10,750 11,350 12,350 13,200 14,700 15,750 16,650 17,450 18,100 18,700 19,250 19,750
26-30
Yrs 10,700 11,850 12,500 13,600 14,500 16,150 17,350 18,300 19,150 19,900 20,600 21,200 21,750
31-35
Yrs 11,350 12,550 13,250 14,400 15,400 17,150 18,400 19,450 20,350 21,150 21,850 22,500 23,100
36-40
Yrs 12,800 14,200 14,950 16,300 17,450 19,350 20,800 21,950 22,950 23,850 24,650 25,400 26,050
41-45
Yrs 15,250 16,950 17,900 19,450 20,850 23,100 24,800 26,200 27,400 28,500 29,450 30,300 31,100
46-50
Yrs 20,100 22,350 23,600 25,700 27,550 30,450 32,700 34,550 36,150 37,550 38,850 40,000 41,050
51-55
Yrs 26,000 28,900 30,550 33,300 35,750 39,450 42,350 44,750 46,850 48,650 50,300 51,800 53,150
56-60
Yrs 34,350 38,200 40,350 44,050 47,300 52,100 55,950 59,150 61,900 64,300 66,450 68,450 70,250
61-65
Yrs 47,550 52,900 55,900 61,000 65,550 72,100 77,450 81,850 85,650 89,000 92,000 94,750 97,250
66-70
Yrs 64,950 72,250 76,350 83,400 89,600 98,500 1,05,800 1,11,850 1,17,000 1,21,600 1,25,700 1,29,400 1,32,850
71-75
Yrs 82,700 92,000 97,250 1,06,200 1,14,150 1,25,450 1,34,750 1,42,450 1,49,050 1,54,850 1,60,050 1,64,800 1,69,200
76 Yrs
and
above
92,950 1,03,450 1,09,350 1,19,400 1,28,350 1,41,050 1,51,500 1,60,100 1,67,550 1,74,050 1,79,950 1,85,300 1,90,200
2A + 1C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 9,100 10,050 10,600 11,500 12,300 13,700 14,700 15,550 16,250 16,900 17,450 17,950 18,450
21-25
Yrs 11,350 12,600 13,250 14,400 15,400 17,150 18,400 19,450 20,350 21,150 21,850 22,500 23,100
26-30
Yrs 12,200 13,550 14,250 15,550 16,600 18,450 19,800 20,950 21,900 22,750 23,500 24,200 24,850
31-35
Yrs 12,950 14,350 15,150 16,450 17,600 19,600 21,050 22,200 23,250 24,150 24,950 25,700 26,350
36-40
Yrs 14,600 16,200 17,100 18,600 19,950 22,100 23,750 25,100 26,250 27,250 28,200 29,000 29,800
41-45
Yrs 17,450 19,350 20,450 22,250 23,850 26,400 28,350 29,950 31,350 32,550 33,650 34,650 35,550
46-50
Yrs 23,000 25,550 26,950 29,400 31,500 34,800 37,400 39,500 41,350 42,950 44,400 45,700 46,900
51-55
Yrs 29,750 33,050 34,900 38,050 40,850 45,050 48,400 51,150 53,500 55,600 57,450 59,200 60,750
56-60
Yrs 39,300 43,650 46,150 50,350 54,050 59,550 63,950 67,600 70,700 73,500 75,950 78,200 80,300
61-65
Yrs 54,350 60,450 63,900 69,750 74,900 82,400 88,500 93,550 97,900 1,01,700 1,05,150 1,08,250 1,11,150
66-70
Yrs 74,250 82,600 87,300 95,300 1,02,400 1,12,600 1,20,950 1,27,800 1,33,750 1,38,950 1,43,650 1,47,900 1,51,850
71-75
Yrs 94,550 1,05,150 1,11,150 1,21,400 1,30,450 1,43,400 1,54,000 1,62,800 1,70,350 1,76,950 1,82,950 1,88,350 1,93,350
76 Yrs
and
above
1,06,250 1,18,200 1,24,950 1,36,450 1,46,700 1,61,200 1,73,100 1,83,000 1,91,450 1,98,950 2,05,650 2,11,750 2,17,350
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Floater)
2A + 2C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 12,100 13,400 14,150 15,350 16,400 18,300 19,600 20,750 21,700 22,500 23,300 23,950 24,600
21-25
Yrs 14,400 15,950 16,800 18,250 19,500 21,750 23,300 24,650 25,800 26,800 27,700 28,500 29,250
26-30
Yrs 15,200 16,850 17,750 19,350 20,650 23,000 24,650 26,050 27,250 28,350 29,300 30,150 30,950
31-35
Yrs 15,750 17,500 18,400 20,050 21,400 23,850 25,600 27,050 28,300 29,350 30,350 31,250 32,100
36-40
Yrs 17,000 18,850 19,900 21,650 23,150 25,750 27,600 29,200 30,550 31,700 32,800 33,750 34,650
41-45
Yrs 19,600 21,800 23,000 25,050 26,800 29,700 31,900 33,700 35,250 36,650 37,850 39,000 40,000
46-50
Yrs 25,850 28,700 30,300 33,050 35,450 39,150 42,050 44,450 46,500 48,300 49,950 51,400 52,750
51-55
Yrs 33,450 37,200 39,250 42,800 45,950 50,700 54,450 57,550 60,200 62,550 64,650 66,550 68,350
56-60
Yrs 44,200 49,150 51,900 56,650 60,800 67,000 71,950 76,050 79,550 82,650 85,450 88,000 90,300
61-65
Yrs 61,150 68,000 71,850 78,450 84,250 92,750 99,600 1,05,250 1,10,150 1,14,450 1,18,300 1,21,800 1,25,000
66-70
Yrs 83,500 92,900 98,200 1,07,200 1,15,200 1,26,650 1,36,050 1,43,800 1,50,450 1,56,350 1,61,600 1,66,400 1,70,800
71-75
Yrs 1,06,350 1,18,300 1,25,050 1,36,550 1,46,750 1,61,300 1,73,250 1,83,150 1,91,600 1,99,100 2,05,800 2,11,900 2,17,550
76 Yrs
and
above
1,19,550 1,33,000 1,40,600 1,53,550 1,65,000 1,81,350 1,94,750 2,05,850 2,15,400 2,23,800 2,31,350 2,38,200 2,44,550
2A + 3C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 15,150 16,800 17,650 19,200 20,500 22,850 24,550 25,900 27,100 28,150 29,100 29,950 30,750
21-25
Yrs 17,400 19,300 20,300 22,100 23,600 26,300 28,250 29,850 31,200 32,400 33,500 34,500 35,400
26-30
Yrs 18,250 20,200 21,300 23,150 24,750 27,550 29,600 31,250 32,700 33,950 35,100 36,150 37,100
31-35
Yrs 18,800 20,850 21,950 23,900 25,500 28,400 30,500 32,200 33,700 35,000 36,200 37,250 38,250
36-40
Yrs 20,050 22,250 23,450 25,500 27,250 30,300 32,550 34,350 35,950 37,350 38,600 39,750 40,800
41-45
Yrs 22,150 24,600 25,900 28,200 30,150 33,500 36,000 38,000 39,750 41,300 42,700 43,950 45,100
46-50
Yrs 28,700 31,900 33,700 36,700 39,350 43,500 46,700 49,400 51,650 53,650 55,500 57,100 58,650
51-55
Yrs 37,150 41,300 43,600 47,600 51,050 56,350 60,500 63,950 66,900 69,500 71,850 73,950 75,950
56-60
Yrs 49,100 54,600 57,650 62,950 67,550 74,450 79,950 84,500 88,400 91,850 94,950 97,750 1,00,350
61-65
Yrs 67,950 75,550 79,850 87,150 93,600 1,03,050 1,10,650 1,16,950 1,22,350 1,27,150 1,31,450 1,35,350 1,38,900
66-70
Yrs 92,800 1,03,200 1,09,100 1,19,100 1,28,000 1,40,750 1,51,150 1,59,800 1,67,200 1,73,700 1,79,550 1,84,900 1,89,800
71-75
Yrs 1,18,150 1,31,450 1,38,950 1,51,750 1,63,100 1,79,250 1,92,500 2,03,500 2,12,900 2,21,200 2,28,650 2,35,450 2,41,700
76 Yrs
and
above
1,32,800 1,47,750 1,56,200 1,70,600 1,83,350 2,01,500 2,16,400 2,28,750 2,39,350 2,48,650 2,57,050 2,64,700 2,71,700
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Floater)
2A + 4C
Age
Band 3,00,000 4,00,000 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 18,150 20,150 21,200 23,050 24,600 27,400 29,450 31,100 32,550 33,800 34,900 35,950 36,900
21-25
Yrs 20,450 22,650 23,850 25,950 27,700 30,850 33,150 35,000 36,600 38,050 39,300 40,450 41,550
26-30
Yrs 21,250 23,550 24,850 27,000 28,850 32,100 34,500 36,450 38,100 39,600 40,900 42,100 43,250
31-35
Yrs 21,800 24,200 25,500 27,700 29,600 32,950 35,400 37,400 39,100 40,650 42,000 43,250 44,400
36-40
Yrs 23,050 25,600 26,950 29,350 31,350 34,850 37,450 39,550 41,350 43,000 44,400 45,750 46,950
41-45
Yrs 25,200 27,950 29,450 32,050 34,250 38,100 40,900 43,200 45,200 46,950 48,500 49,950 51,250
46-50
Yrs 31,600 35,100 37,050 40,400 43,300 47,850 51,400 54,300 56,850 59,050 61,050 62,850 64,500
51-55
Yrs 40,900 45,450 48,000 52,350 56,150 61,950 66,550 70,350 73,600 76,450 79,050 81,350 83,500
56-60
Yrs 54,000 60,050 63,450 69,250 74,300 81,900 87,950 92,950 97,250 1,01,050 1,04,450 1,07,550 1,10,400
61-65
Yrs 74,750 83,100 87,850 95,850 1,02,950 1,13,350 1,21,700 1,28,650 1,34,600 1,39,850 1,44,550 1,48,850 1,52,800
66-70
Yrs 1,02,050 1,13,550 1,20,000 1,31,000 1,40,800 1,54,800 1,66,300 1,75,750 1,83,900 1,91,050 1,97,500 2,03,350 2,08,750
71-75
Yrs 1,29,950 1,44,600 1,52,850 1,66,900 1,79,400 1,97,150 2,11,750 2,23,850 2,34,200 2,43,350 2,51,550 2,59,000 2,65,850
76 Yrs
and
above
1,46,100 1,62,550 1,71,800 1,87,650 2,01,700 2,21,650 2,38,050 2,51,600 2,63,250 2,73,550 2,82,750 2,91,150 2,98,850
Health Guard – Gold Plan (Floater)


1A + 1C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 9,150 9,950 10,600 11,800 12,650 13,400 13,900 14,350 14,800 15,150 15,550 17,000 18,150
21-25
Yrs 10,850 11,800 12,600 14,000 15,000 15,850 16,500 17,050 17,550 18,000 18,400 20,200 21,550
26-30
Yrs 11,900 12,900 13,800 15,350 16,450 17,350 18,050 18,650 19,200 19,700 20,150 22,100 23,600
31-35
Yrs 12,750 13,850 14,800 16,450 17,600 18,600 19,300 19,950 20,550 21,100 21,600 23,600 25,250
36-40
Yrs 14,350 15,600 16,700 18,500 19,850 20,950 21,750 22,500 23,150 23,750 24,300 26,600 28,450
41-45
Yrs 17,050 18,550 19,900 22,000 23,600 24,900 25,900 26,750 27,550 28,250 28,950 31,700 33,850
46-50
Yrs 22,450 24,450 26,250 28,950 31,050 32,800 34,100 35,250 36,250 37,250 38,100 41,750 44,600
51-55
Yrs 28,950 31,550 33,850 37,300 40,050 42,300 43,950 45,450 46,800 48,050 49,150 53,900 57,600
56-60
Yrs 38,100 41,550 44,650 49,150 52,750 55,700 57,900 59,850 61,650 63,300 64,800 71,050 76,000
61-65
Yrs 52,600 57,400 61,650 67,800 72,800 76,900 79,900 82,650 85,100 87,350 89,450 98,100 1,04,950
66-70
Yrs 71,700 78,250 84,050 92,400 99,200 1,04,850 1,09,000 1,12,700 1,16,050 1,19,150 1,22,000 1,33,850 1,43,200
71-75
Yrs 91,150 99,550 1,06,950 1,17,500 1,26,200 1,33,350 1,38,650 1,43,350 1,47,600 1,51,550 1,55,200 1,70,300 1,82,250
76 Yrs
and
above
1,02,400 1,11,850 1,20,200 1,32,050 1,41,800 1,49,850 1,55,750 1,61,050 1,65,850 1,70,300 1,74,400 1,91,400 2,04,800
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Floater)
*A= Adult, **C= Child
1A + 2C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 11,750 12,800 13,650 15,200 16,300 17,200 17,850 18,450 19,000 19,500 19,950 21,850 23,350
21-25
Yrs 13,200 14,350 15,350 17,050 18,300 19,350 20,100 20,750 21,350 21,950 22,450 24,600 26,300
26-30
Yrs 13,850 15,050 16,100 17,900 19,200 20,250 21,050 21,750 22,400 23,000 23,550 25,750 27,550
31-35
Yrs 14,850 16,150 17,300 19,150 20,550 21,700 22,550 23,300 24,000 24,600 25,200 27,550 29,450
36-40
Yrs 16,750 18,200 19,500 21,600 23,150 24,450 25,400 26,250 27,000 27,700 28,400 31,050 33,200
41-45
Yrs 19,900 21,650 23,200 25,650 27,550 29,050 30,200 31,200 32,150 33,000 33,750 36,950 39,500
46-50
Yrs 26,200 28,550 30,600 33,750 36,250 38,250 39,750 41,100 42,300 43,450 44,450 48,700 52,050
51-55
Yrs 33,750 36,800 39,500 43,550 46,700 49,350 51,300 53,000 54,600 56,050 57,350 62,850 67,200
56-60
Yrs 44,450 48,500 52,050 57,300 61,550 65,000 67,550 69,850 71,900 73,800 75,600 82,850 88,650
61-65
Yrs 61,350 66,950 71,900 79,100 84,900 89,700 93,250 96,400 99,300 1,01,900 1,04,350 1,14,500 1,22,450
66-70
Yrs 83,650 91,300 98,100 1,07,800 1,15,750 1,22,300 1,27,150 1,31,450 1,35,400 1,39,000 1,42,350 1,56,150 1,67,050
71-75
Yrs 1,06,350 1,16,100 1,24,800 1,37,100 1,47,250 1,55,600 1,61,750 1,67,250 1,72,200 1,76,800 1,81,050 1,98,700 2,12,600
76 Yrs
and
above
1,19,500 1,30,450 1,40,250 1,54,050 1,65,450 1,74,850 1,81,700 1,87,900 1,93,500 1,98,650 2,03,450 2,23,300 2,38,900
1A + 3C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 15,700 17,050 18,200 20,250 21,700 22,950 23,800 24,600 25,350 26,000 26,600 29,150 31,150
21-25
Yrs 17,150 18,600 19,900 22,100 23,750 25,050 26,050 26,900 27,700 28,450 29,100 31,850 34,050
26-30
Yrs 17,700 19,250 20,550 22,850 24,500 25,900 26,900 27,800 28,600 29,350 30,050 32,900 35,150
31-35
Yrs 18,150 19,700 21,050 23,400 25,100 26,500 27,550 28,450 29,300 30,050 30,750 33,650 36,000
36-40
Yrs 19,150 20,800 22,250 24,650 26,450 27,950 29,000 30,000 30,850 31,700 32,450 35,500 37,900
41-45
Yrs 22,750 24,750 26,500 29,300 31,450 33,200 34,500 35,650 36,700 37,700 38,600 42,250 45,150
46-50
Yrs 29,950 32,600 34,950 38,600 41,400 43,750 45,450 46,950 48,350 49,650 50,800 55,650 59,500
51-55
Yrs 38,600 42,050 45,150 49,750 53,400 56,400 58,600 60,600 62,400 64,050 65,550 71,850 76,850
56-60
Yrs 50,800 55,450 59,500 65,500 70,300 74,300 77,200 79,800 82,200 84,350 86,400 94,700 1,01,300
61-65
Yrs 70,100 76,500 82,200 90,400 97,050 1,02,550 1,06,550 1,10,200 1,13,450 1,16,500 1,19,250 1,30,850 1,39,950
66-70
Yrs 95,550 1,04,300 1,12,100 1,23,200 1,32,300 1,39,800 1,45,300 1,50,250 1,54,700 1,58,850 1,62,650 1,78,450 1,90,950
71-75
Yrs 1,21,550 1,32,700 1,42,650 1,56,700 1,68,250 1,77,850 1,84,850 1,91,100 1,96,850 2,02,100 2,06,950 2,27,100 2,43,000
76 Yrs
and
above
1,36,550 1,49,100 1,60,250 1,76,050 1,89,050 1,99,800 2,07,700 2,14,750 2,21,150 2,27,050 2,32,500 2,55,200 2,73,050
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Floater)
1A + 4C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 19,600 21,300 22,750 25,300 27,150 28,650 29,800 30,750 31,700 32,500 33,300 36,450 38,950
21-25
Yrs 21,050 22,900 24,450 27,200 29,150 30,800 32,000 33,050 34,050 34,950 35,750 39,150 41,850
26-30
Yrs 21,600 23,500 25,100 27,900 29,950 31,600 32,850 33,950 34,950 35,850 36,700 40,200 42,950
31-35
Yrs 22,050 24,000 25,600 28,450 30,550 32,250 33,500 34,600 35,600 36,550 37,400 40,950 43,750
36-40
Yrs 22,850 24,850 26,550 29,500 31,650 33,400 34,700 35,850 36,900 37,900 38,800 42,450 45,350
41-45
Yrs 25,600 27,850 29,850 33,000 35,400 37,350 38,850 40,150 41,300 42,400 43,400 47,550 50,800
46-50
Yrs 33,700 36,700 39,350 43,400 46,600 49,200 51,100 52,850 54,400 55,850 57,150 62,600 66,950
51-55
Yrs 43,400 47,350 50,800 55,950 60,050 63,450 65,950 68,150 70,200 72,050 73,750 80,850 86,450
56-60
Yrs 57,150 62,350 66,950 73,700 79,100 83,550 86,850 89,800 92,450 94,900 97,200 1,06,550 1,13,950
61-65
Yrs 78,900 86,100 92,450 1,01,700 1,09,150 1,15,350 1,19,900 1,23,950 1,27,650 1,31,050 1,34,200 1,47,200 1,57,450
66-70
Yrs 1,07,500 1,17,350 1,26,100 1,38,600 1,48,850 1,57,250 1,63,450 1,69,000 1,74,050 1,78,700 1,83,000 2,00,800 2,14,800
71-75
Yrs 1,36,750 1,49,300 1,60,450 1,76,300 1,89,300 2,00,050 2,07,950 2,15,000 2,21,450 2,27,350 2,32,800 2,55,500 2,73,350
76 Yrs
and
above
1,53,600 1,67,750 1,80,300 1,98,050 2,12,700 2,24,800 2,33,650 2,41,600 2,48,800 2,55,450 2,61,600 2,87,100 3,07,150
2A
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 9,150 9,950 10,600 11,800 12,650 13,400 13,900 14,350 14,800 15,150 15,550 17,000 18,150
21-25
Yrs 12,500 13,600 14,550 16,200 17,350 18,350 19,050 19,700 20,300 20,800 21,300 23,350 24,950
26-30
Yrs 13,850 15,050 16,100 17,900 19,200 20,250 21,050 21,750 22,400 23,000 23,550 25,750 27,550
31-35
Yrs 14,850 16,150 17,300 19,150 20,550 21,700 22,550 23,300 24,000 24,600 25,200 27,550 29,450
36-40
Yrs 16,750 18,200 19,500 21,600 23,150 24,450 25,400 26,250 27,000 27,700 28,400 31,050 33,200
41-45
Yrs 19,900 21,650 23,200 25,650 27,550 29,050 30,200 31,200 32,150 33,000 33,750 36,950 39,500
46-50
Yrs 26,200 28,550 30,600 33,750 36,250 38,250 39,750 41,100 42,300 43,450 44,450 48,700 52,050
51-55
Yrs 33,750 36,800 39,500 43,550 46,700 49,350 51,300 53,000 54,600 56,050 57,350 62,850 67,200
56-60
Yrs 44,450 48,500 52,050 57,300 61,550 65,000 67,550 69,850 71,900 73,800 75,600 82,850 88,650
61-65
Yrs 61,350 66,950 71,900 79,100 84,900 89,700 93,250 96,400 99,300 1,01,900 1,04,350 1,14,500 1,22,450
66-70
Yrs 83,650 91,300 98,100 1,07,800 1,15,750 1,22,300 1,27,150 1,31,450 1,35,400 1,39,000 1,42,350 1,56,150 1,67,050
71-75
Yrs 1,06,350 1,16,100 1,24,800 1,37,100 1,47,250 1,55,600 1,61,750 1,67,250 1,72,200 1,76,800 1,81,050 1,98,700 2,12,600
76 Yrs
and
above
1,19,500 1,30,450 1,40,250 1,54,050 1,65,450 1,74,850 1,81,700 1,87,900 1,93,500 1,98,650 2,03,450 2,23,300 2,38,900
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Floater)
2A + 1C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 11,750 12,800 13,650 15,200 16,300 17,200 17,850 18,450 19,000 19,500 19,950 21,850 23,350
21-25
Yrs 14,650 15,950 17,000 18,950 20,300 21,450 22,300 23,050 23,700 24,350 24,900 27,300 29,200
26-30
Yrs 15,850 17,200 18,400 20,450 21,950 23,150 24,050 24,850 25,600 26,250 26,900 29,450 31,500
31-35
Yrs 17,000 18,500 19,750 21,900 23,500 24,800 25,750 26,650 27,400 28,150 28,800 31,500 33,650
36-40
Yrs 19,150 20,800 22,250 24,650 26,450 27,950 29,000 30,000 30,850 31,700 32,450 35,500 37,900
41-45
Yrs 22,750 24,750 26,500 29,300 31,450 33,200 34,500 35,650 36,700 37,700 38,600 42,250 45,150
46-50
Yrs 29,950 32,600 34,950 38,600 41,400 43,750 45,450 46,950 48,350 49,650 50,800 55,650 59,500
51-55
Yrs 38,600 42,050 45,150 49,750 53,400 56,400 58,600 60,600 62,400 64,050 65,550 71,850 76,850
56-60
Yrs 50,800 55,450 59,500 65,500 70,300 74,300 77,200 79,800 82,200 84,350 86,400 94,700 1,01,300
61-65
Yrs 70,100 76,500 82,200 90,400 97,050 1,02,550 1,06,550 1,10,200 1,13,450 1,16,500 1,19,250 1,30,850 1,39,950
66-70
Yrs 95,550 1,04,300 1,12,100 1,23,200 1,32,300 1,39,800 1,45,300 1,50,250 1,54,700 1,58,850 1,62,650 1,78,450 1,90,950
71-75
Yrs 1,21,550 1,32,700 1,42,650 1,56,700 1,68,250 1,77,850 1,84,850 1,91,100 1,96,850 2,02,100 2,06,950 2,27,100 2,43,000
76 Yrs
and
above
1,36,550 1,49,100 1,60,250 1,76,050 1,89,050 1,99,800 2,07,700 2,14,750 2,21,150 2,27,050 2,32,500 2,55,200 2,73,050


2A + 2C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 15,700 17,050 18,200 20,250 21,700 22,950 23,800 24,600 25,350 26,000 26,600 29,150 31,150
21-25
Yrs 18,600 20,200 21,550 24,000 25,750 27,200 28,250 29,200 30,050 30,850 31,600 34,600 37,000
26-30
Yrs 19,700 21,450 22,900 25,450 27,300 28,850 29,950 30,950 31,850 32,700 33,500 36,650 39,200
31-35
Yrs 20,600 22,400 23,900 26,550 28,500 30,050 31,250 32,300 33,250 34,100 34,900 38,200 40,800
36-40
Yrs 22,200 24,150 25,800 28,600 30,700 32,400 33,650 34,800 35,800 36,750 37,650 41,200 44,000
41-45
Yrs 25,600 27,850 29,850 33,000 35,400 37,350 38,850 40,150 41,300 42,400 43,400 47,550 50,800
46-50
Yrs 33,700 36,700 39,350 43,400 46,600 49,200 51,100 52,850 54,400 55,850 57,150 62,600 66,950
51-55
Yrs 43,400 47,350 50,800 55,950 60,050 63,450 65,950 68,150 70,200 72,050 73,750 80,850 86,450
56-60
Yrs 57,150 62,350 66,950 73,700 79,100 83,550 86,850 89,800 92,450 94,900 97,200 1,06,550 1,13,950
61-65
Yrs 78,900 86,100 92,450 1,01,700 1,09,150 1,15,350 1,19,900 1,23,950 1,27,650 1,31,050 1,34,200 1,47,200 1,57,450
66-70
Yrs 1,07,500 1,17,350 1,26,100 1,38,600 1,48,850 1,57,250 1,63,450 1,69,000 1,74,050 1,78,700 1,83,000 2,00,800 2,14,800
71-75
Yrs 1,36,750 1,49,300 1,60,450 1,76,300 1,89,300 2,00,050 2,07,950 2,15,000 2,21,450 2,27,350 2,32,800 2,55,500 2,73,350
76 Yrs
and
above
1,53,600 1,67,750 1,80,300 1,98,050 2,12,700 2,24,800 2,33,650 2,41,600 2,48,800 2,55,450 2,61,600 2,87,100 3,07,150
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Floater)
2A + 3C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 19,600 21,300 22,750 25,300 27,150 28,650 29,800 30,750 31,700 32,500 33,300 36,450 38,950
21-25
Yrs 22,500 24,450 26,100 29,050 31,200 32,900 34,200 35,350 36,400 37,350 38,250 41,900 44,750
26-30
Yrs 23,650 25,700 27,450 30,500 32,750 34,550 35,900 37,100 38,200 39,200 40,150 43,950 47,000
31-35
Yrs 24,500 26,650 28,450 31,600 33,900 35,800 37,200 38,450 39,550 40,600 41,550 45,500 48,600
36-40
Yrs 26,100 28,400 30,350 33,700 36,150 38,150 39,650 40,950 42,150 43,250 44,300 48,450 51,800
41-45
Yrs 28,850 31,350 33,550 37,200 39,900 42,100 43,750 45,200 46,550 47,800 48,900 53,550 57,250
46-50
Yrs 37,450 40,800 43,700 48,250 51,750 54,650 56,800 58,700 60,450 62,050 63,500 69,550 74,350
51-55
Yrs 48,250 52,600 56,400 62,200 66,750 70,500 73,250 75,750 78,000 80,050 81,950 89,800 96,050
56-60
Yrs 63,500 69,300 74,400 81,900 87,900 92,850 96,500 99,750 1,02,750 1,05,450 1,08,000 1,18,400 1,26,650
61-65
Yrs 87,650 95,650 1,02,700 1,13,000 1,21,300 1,28,150 1,33,200 1,37,700 1,41,850 1,45,600 1,49,100 1,63,550 1,74,950
66-70
Yrs 1,19,450 1,30,400 1,40,100 1,54,000 1,65,350 1,74,750 1,81,650 1,87,800 1,93,400 1,98,550 2,03,300 2,23,100 2,38,650
71-75
Yrs 1,51,950 1,65,900 1,78,300 1,95,850 2,10,350 2,22,300 2,31,050 2,38,900 2,46,050 2,52,600 2,58,650 2,83,850 3,03,700
76 Yrs
and
above
1,70,700 1,86,400 2,00,350 2,20,050 2,36,300 2,49,750 2,59,600 2,68,400 2,76,450 2,83,800 2,90,650 3,19,000 3,41,300
2A + 4C
Age
Band 5,00,000 7,50,000 10,00,000 15,00,000 20,00,000 25,00,000 30,00,000 35,00,000 40,00,000 45,00,000 50,00,000 75,00,000 1,00,00,000
3m-20
Yrs 23,500 25,550 27,300 30,350 32,600 34,400 35,750 36,950 38,000 39,000 39,950 43,700 46,750
21-25
Yrs 26,400 28,700 30,650 34,100 36,600 38,650 40,150 41,500 42,700 43,850 44,900 49,150 52,550
26-30
Yrs 27,550 29,950 32,000 35,600 38,150 40,300 41,850 43,250 44,550 45,700 46,800 51,250 54,750
31-35
Yrs 28,450 30,900 33,000 36,700 39,350 41,550 43,150 44,600 45,900 47,100 48,200 52,750 56,400
36-40
Yrs 30,050 32,650 34,900 38,750 41,550 43,900 45,600 47,100 48,500 49,750 50,950 55,750 59,600
41-45
Yrs 32,750 35,600 38,100 42,250 45,300 47,850 49,700 51,350 52,900 54,300 55,550 60,850 65,000
46-50
Yrs 41,200 44,850 48,100 53,050 56,950 60,150 62,500 64,600 66,500 68,250 69,850 76,500 81,800
51-55
Yrs 53,050 57,850 62,050 68,400 73,400 77,550 80,600 83,300 85,750 88,050 90,150 98,800 1,05,650
56-60
Yrs 69,850 76,200 81,800 90,050 96,700 1,02,150 1,06,150 1,09,750 1,13,000 1,16,000 1,18,800 1,30,250 1,39,300
61-65
Yrs 96,400 1,05,200 1,13,000 1,24,250 1,33,450 1,41,000 1,46,550 1,51,500 1,56,000 1,60,150 1,64,000 1,79,900 1,92,450
66-70
Yrs 1,31,400 1,43,450 1,54,150 1,69,400 1,81,900 1,92,200 1,99,800 2,06,550 2,12,750 2,18,400 2,23,650 2,45,400 2,62,550
71-75
Yrs 1,67,150 1,82,500 1,96,100 2,15,450 2,31,350 2,44,500 2,54,150 2,62,800 2,70,650 2,77,850 2,84,550 3,12,250 3,34,100
76 Yrs
and
above
1,87,750 2,05,050 2,20,350 2,42,050 2,59,950 2,74,750 2,85,550 2,95,250 3,04,100 3,12,200 3,19,700 3,50,900 3,75,450
Health Guard – Platinum Plan (Floater)
Section 3. Critical Illness
Option Sum Insured Age( in years)
6-25years 26-40years 41-45years 46-50years 51-55years 56 years and above
A 1,00,000 200 425 800 1,200 1,750 3,000
B 1,50,000 300 638 1,200 1,800 2,625 4,500
C 2,00,000 400 850 1,600 2,400 3,500 6,000
D 3,00,000 600 1275 2,400 3,600 5,250 9,000
Section 4. Personal Accident
Option Sum Insured Premium
A 2,00,000 375
B 3,00,000 563
C 4,00,000 750
D 5,00,000 938
Section 5. Education Grant
Option Sum Insured Premium
A 2,00,000 120
B 3,00,000 180
C 4,00,000 240
D 5,00,000 300
Section 6. Householders Contents
Option Sum Insured Premium
A 1,00,000 400
B 2,00,000 800
C 3,00,000 1,200
D 4,00,000 1,600
Section 7. Traveling Baggage
Option Sum Insured Premium
A 10,000 200
B 20,000 400
C 30,000 500
D 40,000 800
Section 8. Public Liability
Option Sum Insured Premium
A 2,00,000 100
B 3,00,000 150
C 4,00,000 200
D 5,00,000 250
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales brochure before concluding a sale.