+ Bajaj Allianz
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture
between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj
Auto Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise,
stability and strength. This joint venture company incorporates
global expertise with local experience. The comprehensive,
innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and
experience of more than 110 year old Allianz SE, and indepth
market knowledge and good will of Bajaj brand in India.
Competitive pricing and quick honest response have earned the
company the customer's trust and market leadership in a very
short time.
+ The Bajaj Allianz Advantage
+ Tax Gain Policy
Tax Gain Policy is a floater health policy which covers out patient
expenses (OPD) & hospitalization expenses under a single
policy.
+ What are the details of coverage the policy offers?
• Out patient expenses & hospitalization expenses covered for
self & spouse on floater basis.
• Pre & Post hospitalization expenses can be covered under the
specified OPD expenses
• Ambulance charges in case of emergency hospitalization
up to Rs. 1000/-
• 130 day care procedures subject to terms & conditions
• The expenses for crutches will be covered from day 1 under
OPD benefit
• FreeHealth Check up at designated Bajaj Allianz Empanelled
Diagnosticcenterafterevery4claimfreepolicyperiods.
• Income Tax benefit under Sec 80D of the IT Act on the
premiums paid.
• Separate plan for Senior citizens covering both OPD &
hospitalization benefits.
• 10% co-payment of the admissible claim amount
applicable if treatment is taken in non-network hospital.
Waiver of co-payment is available on payment of additional
premium.
• In case of Cataract claims would be payable after a waiting
period of 2 yrs , and restricted to 10 % of SI subject to min of Rs
12000/- and maximum of Rs 25000/-
• Modern Treatment:
Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in
Technologies (as per below list) shall be restricted to 50% of
Sum Insured or 5 Lacs, whichever is lower.
A. Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU
B. Balloon Sinuplasty
C. Deep Brain stimulation D. Oral chemotherapy
E. Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as
injection
F. Intra vitreal injections
G. Robotic surgeries
H. Stereotactic radio surgeries
I. Bronchical Thermoplasty
J. Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or
holmium laser treatment)
K. IONM -(Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring)
L. Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow
transplant for haematological conditions to be covered
+ What is the entry age?
• Entry age is 18yrs –75 yrs
• Entry age is 18yrs –55 yrs for Plan A , Plan B & Plan C (56 yrs
onwards provision for shifting to Plan D is available)
• Entry age is 56 yrs -75 yrs for Senior citizens plan D Renewable
for lifetime
+ What is the renewal age?
• Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is
available under the policy except on the grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation or moral hazard.
• Insured members covered under Plan A , Plan B & Plan C would
be offered to get covered under plan D at the time of renewal
after completion of age 55years.
• Further lifetime renewal benefit would be available under Plan D.
+ What is the policy period?
1 Year / 2 Year / 3 Year
+ What is Premium paying term?
Premium can be paid on instalment basis- Annual, Half yearly,
Quarterly or Monthly.
+ Who can be covered under the Policy?
Self, spouse can be covered under this policy
+ What are the different plans available?
*Premiums are exclusive of GST
+ Pre-policy medical check up for enrolling under Tax Gain
policy:-
• Waiver of medical tests up to 45 years, subject to no adverse
health conditions
• Medical tests are mandatory for members 46 years and above.
• The pre-policy check up would be arranged at our network
diagnostic centres.
• The validity of the test reports would be 30 days from date of
medical examination.
• If pre-policy check up is conducted at our network diagnostic
centre, 100% of the standard medical tests charges would be
reimbursed, subject to acceptance of proposal and policy
issuance.
• List of the tests to be conducted : Full Medical Report, ECG with
reporting, FBG, CBC WITH ESR , Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol,
Triglycerides, Creatinine, GGTP, SGOT, SGPT, HbA1c,
Urinalysis, Total Protein, Sr. Albumin, Sr. Globulin, A:G Ratio
+ When can I change my plan?
• Change of plan can be done only at renewals.
• For change of plan, fresh proposal form along with the
renewal notice should be submitted.
+ Exclusions under the policy?
I. Waiting Period
We shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim
directly or indirectly caused by, based on, arising out of or
attributable to any of the following:
1. Pre-existing Diseases waiting period (Excl01)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of a pre-existing Disease
(PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the
expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of
inception of the first Tax Gain Policy with us.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall
apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as
defined under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI
(Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the
same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
d. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for
any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being declared
at the time of application and accepted by Us.
2. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Excl02)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions,
surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 24
months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of
the first Tax Gain Policy with Us. This exclusion shall not be
applicable for claims arising due to an accident.
b. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall
apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.
c. If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the
waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, then the
longer of the two waiting periods shall apply.
d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if
contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted without a
specific exclusion.
e. If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as
defined under the applicable norms on portability stipulated
by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced
to the extent of prior coverage.
f. List of specific diseases/procedures is as below
3. Any Medical Expenses incurred during the first Three Years
consecutive annual periods during which you/ your spouse
named in the schedule have the benefit of a Tax Gain Policy
with Us in connection with joint replacement surgery unless
such joint replacement surgery is necessitated by accidental
Bodily Injury. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the
waiting periods shall apply afresh only to the extent of the
amount by which the limit of indemnity has been increased
(i.e. enhanced sum insured) if the policy is a renewal of Tax
Gain policy without break in cover
4. 30-day waiting period (Excl03)
a. Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days
from the first Policy commencement date shall be excluded
except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same
are covered.
b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured has
Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months
c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the
enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum
Insured subsequently.
Hospitalization cover - Sum Insured Rs. 1 lac
OPD (SI) - Self
18-25 yrs 26-40 yrs 41-45 yrs 46-55 yrs
Plan A
3100 2900 2500 1600
4,670*
Hospitalization cover - Floater Sum Insured Rs. 2 lacs
OPD (SI) - Self
18-25 yrs 26-40 yrs 41-45 yrs 46-55 yrs
Plan B
6500 6000 5000 3000
9,345*
OPD (SI) - Self
+ spouse
5200 4800 3500 1000
C1 Hospitalization cover - Floater Sum Insured Rs. 2 lacs
OPD (SI) - Self
18-25 yrs 26-40 yrs 41-45 yrs 46-55 yrs
Plan C
9500 9000 8500 7500
14,015*
OPD (SI) - Self
+ spouse
9000 8500 7000 4500
C2 Hospitalization cover - Floater Sum Insured Rs. 3 lacs
OPD (SI) - Self 9000 8500 7500 6000
OPD (SI) - Self
+ spouse
8000 7500 5500 2500
Hospitalization cover - Floater Sum Insured Rs. 1 lac
OPD (SI) - Self
56-60 yrs 61-65 yrs 65-70 yrs 71-75 yrs
Plan D For Senior Citizens
13000 12500 12000 11000
18,690*
OPD (SI) - Self
+ spouse
11000 10000 9500 8000


II. GENERAL EXCLUSIONS
1. Any dental treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery,
dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants, orthodontics,
surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury
to natural teeth and also requiring hospitalization
2. Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and
does not require supervision of qualified nursing staff and
qualified medical practitioner round the clock. This exclusion
is however not applicable for any day care treatment taken for
the accidental bodily injury in a day care centre/ hospital
3. War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether
war be declared or not), civil war, commotion, unrest,
rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power
or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or damage
by or under the order of any government or public local
authority. Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of
Terrorism will be covered under the Policy.
4. Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or
Accidental bodily injury,
5. Investigation & Evaluation (Excl04)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics
and evaluation purposes only are excluded even if the same
requires confinement at a Hospital.
b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental
to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded.
6. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Excl05)
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed
rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for
personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as
bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or
assistant or non-skilled persons.
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address
medical, physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs
7. Obesity/Weight Control (Excl06)
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does
not fulfil all the below conditions:
1) Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Medical
Practitioner/Doctor
2) The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by
clinical protocols
3) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and
4) Body Mass Index (BMI);
a. greater than or equal to 40 or
b. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the
following severe co-morbidities following failure of less
invasive methods of weight loss:
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
ii. Coronary heart disease
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
8. Change-of-gender treatments (Excl07)
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical
management, to change characteristics of the body to those
of the opposite sex.
9. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Excl08)
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to
change appearance unless for reconstruction following an
Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary
treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the
insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must
be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner.
10. Hazardous or Adventure Sports (Excl09)
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to
participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure
sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock
climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing
or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.
11. The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches,
dentures, artificial teeth and all other external appliances
and/or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for
Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted
during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants,
infra cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents etc.
12. External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post
hospitalization care including cost of instrument used in the
treatment of Sleep Apnea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous
Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) and Oxygen
concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition.
13. Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies, growth
hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or surgery except
for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for
haematological conditions.
14. Intentional self-injury (including but not limited to the use or
misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol).
15. Breach of law (Excl10)
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent
upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit a
breach of law with criminal intent.
1. Any types of gastric or duodenal
ulcers,
2. Benign prostatic hypertrophy
3. All types of sinuses
4. Haemorrhoids
5. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding
6. Endometriosis
7. Stones in the urinary and biliary
systems
8 Surgeryon ears /tonsils /adenoids/
paranasal sinuses
9. Cataracts,
10. Hernia and Hydrocele of all types
11. Fistulae,
12. Fissure in ano
13. Fibromyoma
14. Hysterectomy
15. Surgery for any skin ailment
16. Surgery on all internal or
external tumours/ cysts/
nodules/polyps of any kind
including breast lumps with
exception of Malignant tumor
or growth.
17. Parkinson’s Disease
18. Alzheimer’s Disease
19,Mental Illness
16. Excluded Providers (Excl11)
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any
Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically
excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified
to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of
life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses
up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the
complete claim.
17. Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any
addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Excl12)
18. Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas
or similar establishments or private beds registered as a
nursing home attached to such establishments or where
admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic
reasons.(Excl13)
19. Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite
treatment or if medically necessary and forming a part of
treatment recommended by the treating Medical
practitioner.
20. Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased
without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins,
minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a
medical practitioner as part of hospitalization claim or day
care procedure. (Excl14)
21. Refractive Error (Excl15)
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight
due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.
22. Unproven Treatments (Excl16)
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and
supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven
treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack
significant medical documentation to support their
effectiveness.
23. Sterility and Infertility (Excl17)
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:
a. Any type of contraception, sterilization
b. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial
insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such
as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT,
c. Gestational Surrogacy
d. Reversal of sterilization
24. Maternity (Excl 18)
a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth
(including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections
incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy.
b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident)
and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the
policy period.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ HOUSE, AIRPORT ROAD, YERAWADA,
PUNE - 411006. IRDA REG NO.: 113.
FOR ANY QUERY (TOLL FREE)
1800-209-0144 /1800-209-5858
www.bajajallianz.com
bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in
Policy holders can download Caringly Yours app for one -touch access Available on:
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales
brochure before concluding a sale.
Note: It is mandatory to keep updated your policy with your correct contact
details and bank account details, to process any of your service requests faster
and hassle-free. To update your contact details i.e., Mobile No., Email ID, PAN
Card, and Bank Account details, please use chatbot, visit our website, contact
your agent or nearest branch.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ
BE HEALTHY, BE PREPARED!
TAX GAIN
25. All non-medical Items as per Annexure II.
26. Any treatment received outside India is not covered under this
policy
+ What we will not pay in case of Outpatient treatments
I. Waiting Period
1. Cost of spectacles in the first year of the policy. (This cost is
payable in the second year of continuous renewal subject to a
maximum limit of 25% of the OPD limit.)
2. Cost of dentures in the first two years of the policy. (This cost is
payable in the third year of continuous renewal subject to a
maximum limit of 25% of the OPD limit.)
3. Cost of hearing aids in the first two years of the policy. (This
cost is payable in the third year of continuous renewal subject
to a maximum limit of 25% of the OPD limit.)
II. Specific Exclusion
1. Any expenses for treatment taken without the doctor advising
the same and which is not duly supported by prescriptions.
2. Any expenses for diagnostic tests without the treating doctor's
referral.
3. Cost of Annual Health Check up.
4. Any expenses in excess of the maximum payable under the
Outpatient medical expenses limit.
+ Special Conditions related to Hospitalisation Section:
• 10% co-payment applicable for all claims from a non network
hospital. Waiver of the co-payment clause is available on
payment of 10% of loading on standard premium.
• Our obligation to make payment in respect of surgeries for
cataracts (after the expiry of the 2 year waiting period , shall be
restricted to 10% of the Sum Insured for each and every claim,
subject to a minimum of Rs 12000 (or the actual incurred
amount which ever is lower) and maximum of Rs 25000/- for
each of You.
+ Free Look Period
The Free Look Period 30 Days shall be applicable on new
individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at
the time of porting/migrating the policy.
+ Renewal of Policy
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on
misrepresentation by the insured person. grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation by the insured person.
i) The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal.
However, the Company is not under obligation to give any
notice for renewal.
ii) Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured
person had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years.
iii) Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be
received by the Company before the end of the policy period.
iv) At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and
can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days to maintain
continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not
available during the grace period.
v) No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims
experience
+ Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written
notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk
period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been
made during the policy year.
Multi-year Policy:
For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium
will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in
full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment
Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a
pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
B. Additional Deductions -
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance
coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy
cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination of the
Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of
premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the
grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by
providing 15 days' written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
Tax Benefits
OPD / Hospitalization
expenses covered
Less Premium
TRIPLE
BENEFIT
+ Grace period:
• In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissible and the Policy will be considered as continuous for
the purpose of Specific waiting period
• Any medical expenses incurred as a result of disease condition/
Accident contracted during the break period will not be
admissible under the policy.
+ Portability Conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy to
other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire
policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45
days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal
date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person
is presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an
Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed insured person will
get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per
IRDAI guidelines on portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx
?mid=3.2.3
+ Migration
The insured person will have the option to migrate the policy to
other health insurance products/plans offered by the company
by applying for migration of the policy atleast 30 days before the
policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such
person is presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance product/plan
offered by the company, the insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on
migration.
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx
?mid=3.2.3
+ Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy lncluding the
Premium Rates
The Company, with prior approval of lRDAl, may revise or
modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates. The
insured person shall be notified three months before the
changes are effected.
+ Withdrawal of Policy
I. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the
Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90
days prior to expiry of the policy.
Age
of the
members
to be
insured
Coverage opted on
Individual Basis covering
each member of the
family separately (at a
single point in time)
Coverage opted on individual basis covering
multiple members of the family under as single
policy (Sum Insured is available for each
member of the family)
Coverage opted on floater basis with overall Sum
Insured (Only one sum insured is available for the
entire family)
Premium Sum Insured Premium Discount Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured Premium or
consolidated
premium for
all members
of family
Floater
discount
if any
Premium
after
discount
Sum Insured
Plan B
18-55 yrs NA NA NA NA NA NA
9,345 NA 200,000
18-55 yrs NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA NA
Total premium when policy is opted on floater basis is Rs 9,345
(No discount applicable)
NA NA Sum Insured of Rs 200,000 is available for the entire family
Note: Premium rates specified in the above illustration shall be standard premium rates without considering any loading. Also, the premium rates shall be exclusive
of taxes applicable.
Benefit Illustration in respect of Policies offered on Floater basis
HOSPITAL CASH
DAILY ALLOWANCE SILVER HEALTH
HEALTH ENSURE
HEALTH GUARD
PERSONAL GUARD
CRITICAL ILLNESS
TAX GAIN STAR PACKAGE
TRAVEL HEALTH GUARD
FAMILY FLOATER OPTION
SANKAT MOCHAN EXTRA CARE
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health
insurance product available with the Company at the time of
renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as
cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI
guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a
break.
+ Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938
Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance
Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of Rebates): No
person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly,
as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue
an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or
property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the
commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on
the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or
continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as
may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses
or tables of the insurers. Any person making default in
complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a
penalty which may extend to 10 lakh rupees.
+ We also offer following Insurance policies: