Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture
between Bajaj Finserv Limited (recently demerged from Bajaj Auto
Limited) and Allianz SE. Both enjoy a reputation of expertise,
stability and strength. This joint venture company incorporates
global expertise with local experience. The comprehensive,
innovative solutions combine the technical expertise and
experience of the more than 110 year old Allianz SE, and indepth
market knowledgeandgoodwillofBajajbrandinIndiaCompetitive
pricing and quick honest response have earned the company the
customer'strustandmarketleadershipinaveryshorttime.
+ Women Specific Critical Illness Plan
This is a Women Specific Critical Illness Plan that provides you
protectionagainsttheriskofseriousillness. Itgivesyouthesecurityof
knowing that a guaranteed cash sum will be paid in case you are
diagnosed with a life-threatening illness. A serious critical illness or
injury can now be cured, but could lead to increased financial
problems for you and your family, through the mounting costs of
hospitalization, compounded by loss of employment in some
cases. Therefore, in order to counter this, we have designed this
special cover, keeping in mind the critical illnesses and other
attendantrisksthatareespeciallyfacedbywomen.
+ What are the Covers under the policy?
1. Critical Illness Cover
2. Congenital Disability Benefit
Inbuilt add on benefits
i. Children Education Bonus
ii. Loss of Job
+ What is the entry age?
Entry age for proposer is 21 yrs – 65yrs.
+ What will be the renewal age?
Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is available
unde r the pol i c y e x c ept on the grounds of fr aud,
misrepresentation or moral hazard.
+ What is the policy period?
• 1year, 2 years or 3 years
+ DISCOUNTUNDERTHEPOLICY:
Long Term Policy Discount:
a. 4 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 2 years
b. 8 % discount is applicable if policy is opted for 3 years
+ What is the premium paying term?
Policy can be paid on installment basis-Annual, Half Yearly,
Quarterly or Monthly
+ What are the Sum Insured options?
The available Sum insured options are
• Rs 50000/- • Rs 100000/-
• Rs 150000/- • Rs 200000/-
+ What are the detail coverages under the policy?
I. Critical Illness Cover: 100% of sum insured would be paid if
the insured member is diagnosed with the listed Critical
Illness, subject to policy terms and conditions.
List of Specific Critical Illnesses as below
a. Breast Cancer
b. Fallopian Tube Cancer
c. Uterine/Cervical Cancer
d. Ovarian Cancer
e. Vaginal Cancer
f. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs
g. Multitrauma
h. Burns
II. Congenital Disability Benefit : 50% of the sum insured would
be payable if the insured member gives birth to a baby having
congenital disease/ disorder; congenital diseases covered are
listed under the policy. This benefit will be available for first
two children only.
List of congenital diseases covered under Congenital Disability
Benefit:
a. Down's syndrome
b. Congenital cyanotic heart disease:
i. Tetrology of Fallot
ii. Transposition of great vessels
iii. Total Anomalous pulmonary venous drainage
iv. Truncus Arteriosus,
v. Tricuspid Atresia,
vi. Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome
c. Tracheo-esophageal fistula
d. Cleft Palate with or without cleft lip
e. Spina bifida
Please note: The company's liability under 1) and 2) together
would be restricted to the sum insured.
III. Children Education Bonus If the claim for Critical illness
benefit is paid under this policy we will also pay Rs. 25000/-
towards future education of the dependent children (If any).
The amount payable under this section would be restricted to
Rs 25000/- for one or more child put together.
IV. Loss of Job In the event of the insured person losing her job
within a period of 3 months of the date of diagnosis of any of
the Critical Illness as covered in the policy, the policy will pay
an amount of Rs 25000/- towards loss of employment, provide
we have paid a claim under Critical Illness Section for the
Insured Member.
+ Special Conditions
• The benefit amount under Critical Illness Section of this policy
is payable once the disease is diagnosed meeting specific
criteria and the insured survives 30 days after the diagnosis
and in case of the congenital disability section the child
survives 30 days after the diagnosis.
• The insured needs to submit the claim form along with
certificate from the specialist confirming occurrence of the
critical illness /congenital disability (in case of child) as
covered under the policy.
• For a claim to be admissible under Congenital Disability
Benefit section the member should also have conceived
during the policy period.
+ What are the advantages of this policy?
• The insured receives the amount as lump sum so that he can
plan the treatment accordingly.
• Additional benefits like coverage for new born baby's
congenital ailments, Children education bonus, Loss of job are
available under same policy.
• Hassel free in-house claim process.
• Premiumpaidisexemptundersection80-DofIncomeTaxAct.
• Very competitive premium rates.
+ What is the Pre policy Medical examination criteria?
• Pre policy medical examination mandatory for age 41years
and above
• Pre policy medical examination can be conducted at a good
diagnostic centre.
• List of Pre –policy medical tests:
Full Medical Report,
Ultrasonography of Abdomen and Pelvis
PAPSmear Test.
+ What are the exclusions under the policy?
Below are the exclusions applicable for Critical illness cover:
I. Waiting Period
1. Any Critical Illness diagnosed within the first 90 days of the
date of commencement of the Policy is excluded. This
exclusion shall not apply to an Insured for whom coverage has
been renewed, without a break, for subsequent years.This
exclusion is not applicable to Section CI (g) Multitrauma and
(h) Burns
II. General Exclusion
1. Any Critical Illness for which care, treatment, or advice was
recommended by or received from a Physician, or which first
manifested itself or was contracted before the start of the
Policy Period, or for which a claim has or could have been
made under any earlier policy.
2. Any sexually transmitted diseases or any condition directly or
indirectly caused by or associated with Human T-Cell
Lymphotropic Virus type III (LB III) or Lymphadinopathy
Associated Virus (LAV) or the Mutants Derivative or Variations
Deficiency Syndrome or any Syndrome or condition of a
similar kind commonly referred to as AIDS.
3. Treatment arising from or traceable to pregnancy, childbirth
postpartum complications including but not limited to
caesarian section, birth defects and congenital anomalies.
This exclusion does not apply to Section C II Congenital
Disability Benefitof the Policy.
4. Occupational diseases.
5. War, whether war be declared or not, invasion, act of foreign
enemy, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, terrorism or terrorist
acts or activities, rebellion, revolution, mutiny, military or
usurped power, riot, strike, lockout, military or popular
uprising, civil commotion, martial law or loot, sack or pillage in
connection therewith, confiscation or destruction by any
government or public authority or any act or condition
incidental to any of the above.
6. Naval or military operations of the armed forces or airforce
and participation in operations requiring the use of arms or
which are ordered by military authorities for combating
terrorists, rebels and the like.
7. Any natural peril (including but not limited to storm, tempest,
avalanche, earthquake, volcanic eruptions, hurricane, or any
other kind of natural hazard).
8. Radioactive contamination.
9. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of
profit, loss of opportunity, loss of gain, business interruption,
market loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a
pure financial nature such as loss of goodwill or any legal
liability of any kind whatsoever.
10. Intentional self-injury, suicide, attempted suicide and/or the
use or misuse of intoxicating drugs and/or alcohol.
+ Exclusions applicable to congenital disability benefit
1. Cleft Palate with or without cleft lip: Cleft lip alone is
specifically excluded.
2. Spina bifida: Spina bifida occulta is specifically excluded.
+ When can I enhance my Sum Insured under this policy?
The Insured member can apply for enhancement of Sum Insured
at the time of renewal, by submitting a fresh proposal form and
renewal notice to the company.
+ Free Look Period
If you are not satisfied with policy coverage, terms and conditions,
Youhavetheoptionof cancelingthepolicywithin 30daysofreceipt
ofthefirstpolicydocuments,providedtherehasbeennoclaim.
Free Look Period is not be applicable for renewal policies.
+ Condition for renewal of the contract
a. Under normal circumstances, lifetime renewal benefit is
available under the policy except on the grounds of fraud,
misrepresentation or moral hazard or Upon the occurrence of
an event of Critical Illness
b. Upon the occurrence of an event of Critical Illness and (subject
to the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy) without
prejudice to the Company's obligation to make payment, this
Policy shall immediately cease to exist with reference to that
Insured
c. In case of 0ur own renewal a grace period of 30 days is
permissibleandthePolicy willbeconsideredas continuousfor
the purpose of waiting period. Any medical expenses incurred
as a result of disease condition/Accident contracted during the
breakperiodwillnotbeadmissibleunderthepolicy.
d. Forrenewalsreceivedafter completionof 30daysgraceperiod,
afreshapplicationofcritical illness shouldbesubmittedtoUs,it
wouldbeprocessedasperanewbusinessproposal.
e. Premium payable on renewal and on subsequent
continuation of cover are subject to change with prior
approval from IRDA


+ How do I submit my claim?
I You or someone claiming on Your behalf must inform Us in
writing immediately within 48 hours of diagnosis of any of the
listed Critical Illnesses.
II You must immediately consult a Doctor and follow the advice
and treatment that he recommends.
III You or someone claiming on Your behalf must submit Claim
documents within 30 days of diagnosis of any of the listed
Critical Illnesses
Documents to be submitted for claim:
• Critical Illness Claim Form duly signed by the insured along
with NEFTForm signed by the Claimant
• Copy of Discharge Summary / Discharge Certificate.
• Copy of Final Hospital Bill
• Policy copy
• First consultation letter for Illness
• Medical certificate for the duration of illness
• All required Investigation Reports as per the Illness
• Medical certification from specialist
• FIRcopy in case claims being lodged due to Burns
• Certification from HR of the organization mentioning the
reason for discontinuation of services from the organization
(applicable only for loss of job claim)
• Aaadhar card & PANcard Copies (Not mandatory if the same is
linked with the policy while issuance or in previous claim)
+ Section 41 of Insurance Act 1938 as amended by Insurance
Laws Amendment Act, 2015 (Prohibition of Rebates)
No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or
indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take out or
renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk
relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole
or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the
premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking
out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate,
except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with
the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers. Any
person making default in complying with the provision of this
section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to 10
lakh rupees.
+ Portability Conditions
The insured person will have the option to port the policy to other
insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire policy along
with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before,
but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per
IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently
covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses
under any health insurance policy with an Indian General/Health
insurer, the proposed insured person will get the accrued
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on
portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?
mid=3.2.3
+ Revision/ Modification of the policy:
• There is a possibility of revision/ modification of terms,
conditions, coverages and/or premiums of this product at any
time in future, with appropriate approval from IRDA.
• In such an event of revision/modification of the product,
intimation shall be set out to all the existing insured members
at least 3 months prior to the date of such revision /
modification comes into the effect
+ Withdrawal of Policy
There is possibility of withdrawal of this product at any time in
future with appropriate approval from IRDA, as We reserve Our
right to do so with a intimation of 3 months to all the existing
insured members. In such an event of withdrawal of this product,
at the time of Your seeking renewal of this Policy, You can choose,
among Our available similar and closely similar Health insurance
products. Upon Your so choosing Our new product, You will be
charged the Premium as per Our Underwriting Policy for such
chosen new product, as approved by IRDA.
Annual Premium Chart:
Premiums are exclusive of GST
SI Upto 25 26-35 36-40 41-45 46-50 51 Yrs
 Yrs Yrs Yrs Yrs Yrs and above
50000 250 375 688 1000 1500 2188
100000 375 563 1031 1500 2250 3281
150000 500 750 1375 2000 3000 4375
200000 625 938 1719 2500 3750 5469
BAJAJ ALLIANZ GENERAL INSURANCE CO. LTD.
BAJAJ ALLIANZ HOUSE, AIRPORT ROAD, YERAWADA,
PUNE - 411006. IRDA REG NO.: 113.
FOR ANY QUERY (TOLL FREE)
1800-209-0144 /1800-209-5858
www.bajajallianz.com
bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in
For more details on risk factors, Terms and Conditions, please read the sales
brochure before concluding a sale.
Note: It is mandatory to keep updated your policy with your correct contact
details and bank account details, to process any of your service requests
faster and hassle-free. To update your contact details i.e., Mobile No., Email
ID, PAN Card, and Bank Account details, please use chatbot, visit our
website, contact your agent or nearest branch.
CIN: U66010PN2000PLC015329
BAJAJ ALLIANZ
SHE CARES FOR EVERYONE…
WE CARE FOR HER !
WOMEN SPECIFIC
CRITICAL ILLNESS
+ Cancellation
A. Cancellation by the Policyholder
The Policyholder can cancel this Policy by providing a written
notice of 7 days. In such a case, the Company will refund the
premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below:
1. Cancellation of policy where full premium received at policy
inception -
• Annual Policy: The premium refund for the unexpired risk
period will be on a pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been
made during the policy year.
• Multi-year Policy:
o For any policy year where the risk date has not yet started, the
premium will be refunded without any deduction.
o For any policy year where the risk has started, the premium
will be refunded on a pro-rata basis for that policy year,
provided no claim has been made during the policy year and in
full for future policy years.
2. Cancellation of policy where Premium Received on Instalment
Basis
The premium refund for the unexpired risk period will be on a
pro-rata basis, provided no claim has been made during the
policy year.
B. Additional Deductions
Notwithstanding the above, if (i) the risk under the Policy has
already commenced, or (ii) only a part of the insurance
coverage has commenced, and the option of Policy
cancellation is exercised by the Policyholder, then expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination of the
Policyholder will also be deducted before refunding of
premium.
C. Cancellation by the Company
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on the
grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, or fraud by the Policyholder/insured person, by
providing 15 days’ written notice. There will be no refund of
premium for cancellations on these grounds.
+ Grace period
In case of our own renewal a grace period of 30 days is permissible
and the Policy will be considered as continuous for the purpose of
waiting period. Any medical expenses incurred as a result of
disease condition/ Accident contracted during the break period
will not be admissible under the policy.